Sygl
New from Dream

The roof of the Saint Andre's orphanage was the one place Balthazaar could go when he needed to be away from everyone. It was fairly flat with grey slate tiles evenly spaced across its surface. None of the other children ever ventured up here as it was supposed to be off limits, a boy had fallen off the roof a few years before and died, but that never stopped Balthazaar. The orphanage itself was quite old, it was built in the 1700s, but it was still in decent shape. The three story building was down a long lane that no one ever seemed to come down. Behind the orphanage was a large stone mausaelium type building. Many of the boys and girls had tried to open the doors of the grand structure but the building's secrets remained a mystery.

Balthazaar idly rubbed the stump of his left wrist as he looked at the roof of the mausaelium. For some reason the stump had always itched when he thought about trying to get into the building. Balthazaar, or Bal to his friends, could never remember having a left hand. Even as a child seeing other children showing off their sigils once they appeared Bal knew he would never have one. He could still do magic, if not as strong as others since he didn't have a sigil, but that just meant he had to work harder. So at least he had that. There were others here who could do no magic at all. The sigil provided a sort of guide or affinity to what magic you were best suited to. There are even factions that would not let you in unless you held their sigil. Yet Bal didn't worry about that. He had always wanted to find his own way of doing things.

Which is why Bal was on the roof of the orphanage about to attempt something that could kill him. You see, a few days ago Bal had been on the roof after lunch checking out the carvings that surrounded the top of the mausaelium when the mausaelium roof seemed to flicker for a moment before becoming solid again. That brief moment allowed Bal to see what looked like a temple and a large statue in the center of the room. Since then Bal had been trying to come up with a way to get over to the roof of the building. A ladder was out as they did not have one tall enough and it wasn't like he could jump across, so that left magic. The safest idea he could come up with was to enchant a small carpet to levitate and carry him over. One of the boys, who had just left to attend the Sygldry school of magykal arts, left some beginner spell books to Bal. Since Bal did not have a sygl he would not be able to attend the school, so self study was the only option for him.

In the book called Sygldry Year 2, he found the spell he needed. So now Bal is standing on the roof about to attempt something crazy. With a deep breath he kneels down and places his left wrist on the carpet.

"Levimotorcorpus," he says pushing past what he's come to think of as a magical blockage in his wrist. He could have used his right hand but he always hoped that by using his left wrist he could make a sygl appear. It's silly but it's something to hope for. As he finishs saying the words the gold and sky blue carpet gently rises in the air bearing him upwards a few inches then stopping. With a grin he grabs his backpack from the roof and slips his arms through the straps. Bal then sits cross legged on the carpet and silently wills the carpet to move. The trip was brief as the floating carpet went faster than Bal expected. What Bal didn't expect was that when he tried to land on the roof he found that there was no roof. He mentally commanded the rug to keep taking him lower until he landed on the solid concrete of the temple.

The inside of what he had thought was a mausaelium was lit by two very large braziers which provided soft warm light to its surroundings. At the far end was the statue he had previously glimpsed.

"Locos cantis," Bal murmured as he stepped off the carpet. The now inert rug fell to the ground. The temple itself reminded Bal of the old Greek ones with high stone pillars and the open roof that allowed the sun in. Bal glanced up, wondering about how he could still see the sun.

"Because it's magic," A mischievious voice whispered in his ear. Bal whirled around at the sound but saw nothing. Bal looked around trying to find the source of the voice.

"Hello?" he asks.

Out of the darkness at the back of the Temple stepped a pale girl, which Bal guessed she was a few years older then his years, into the firelight.

"Hello yourself," she says with a curious look on her face, "Mind telling me how you got in?" she asks.

The girl was wearing a long black dress with teardrop rubies hanging from her ears. Her hair was midnight black and reached the middle of her back. She wasn't skinny but she wasn't fat either, she had what Bal considered just the right amount of curves. At a loss for words, which was a first for Bal, he numbly pointed at the ceiling. The girl arched a perfectly trimmed eyebrow.

"You flew in?"

Bal nods.

"Huh, no ones tried that one. What gave you the idea?" she asks.

Bal then explains about seeing the flicker.

"I honestly thought I was seeing things. Who are you?" Bal asks, "How did you get in?"

The girl laughs and waves a hand. In seconds two stone benchs appear between them.

"Have a seat and I'll explain."

Bal was shocked at this display of magyk and slowly walked to one bench, while the pale girl took the other.

"My name is Amelia and this is my temple."

Bal looks around before focusing on Amelia.

"So a temple for what?" Bal asks still confused.

Amelia frowns, "You've never heard of me? The Queen of the vampires?"

Bal's mouth dropped.

"Wait wait," Bal stutters, "You mean the originator of the blood sygl? I thought you were a myth!"

Now Amelia's mouth dropped, this time in outrage.

"A myth! They have made me a myth?!"

Bal scrambled to his feet backing away slowly. Amelia sees this and visibly tries to calm herself.

"I'm sorry," she says, "I just wasn't expecting that. Although I guess I should have known. What happened to your sygl?" she asks pointing to Bal's left wrist, "Did the thought of having a myth sygl disgust you so you had to cut off your hand?"

At the mention of his hand Bal stopped.

"What do you mean?"

Amelia laughed, her high voice echoing off the stone walls of the temple.

"My how the fates are working. You lose your hand showing my sygl and then you end up stumbling across my temple anyway."

Bal stumbles back to his seat.

"You mean I had a blood sygl?" Bal asks quietly.

Amelia nods.

"A good strong connection too."

At her words Balthazaar hears the truth. Blood sygls while not strictly outlawed were frowned upon. Often doctors would remove the hand of a baby, if the infant was born with it, as people thought the blood sygl could make you go crazy. Bal thought a lot of it was to get people riled up against them, but that was just him. What made it worse was that no one was sure the blood originater even still existed as she had not been seen for years. Some had thought it was Dracula but after he had been killed it proved he wasn't. Once a year every originator appeared at the Sygldry School, to claim their blood. There was a spot for Amelia but she'd never shown up.

Balthazaar explains to Amelia why everyone thinks she's a myth. Once he was done Amelia exploded. As in she literally exploded into a cloud of whirling bats for a minute before resuming her normal form. Still visibly fuming she mutters.

"They lock me up in here then act like I don't exist. Why haven't you went to school? You've got the magic for it. Even without my magic you're still powerful in your own right."

Bal holds up his stump.

"No sygl. No school will let you enter unless you have a sygl."

Amelia narrows her eyes, the firelight reflecting off her blood red eyes. Suddenly she grins.

"If you had a sygl would you go?"

Bal nods quickly.

"Of course, I've always wanted to."

"Would you do anything to go?" Amelia asks slowly standing and walking towards him, never taking her eyes from his.

Bal swallowed nervously.

"Uhm within reason."

Amelia laughed and sat beside him.

"You shall go to this school. I will bond myself to you as your familiar. Doing so will free me from this place. That way you and I can show the rest of the world that the Blood Bond is alive and well. I will not ask anything of you that you are unwilling to give."

Still nervous Bal asks, "How am I going to get your sygl back?"

Amelia smiles and asks, "Are you thirsty?"

So regrowing a hand is accomplished by drinking the blood of a thousands year old vampire goddess. In addition to Bal's new left hand his blood magic, once he learns to use it, should be way more stronger than it would have been. Bal sat there flexing his new left hand and admiring his new blood red sygl that seemed to almost glow with an inner light.

"I don't know how I'm going to explain this," Bal confesses, "Something like this just doesn't happen everyday."

Amelia stands and stretches, her dress riding high on her legs distracting Bal. Seeing his look Amelia laughs.

"Time for that later. Now as to your hand, I'll take care of that, as well as your school. For now we've one last thing to do then you can take us out of here."

Amelia then kneels between Balthazaar's legs.

"Do you know the words for the familiar binding?" she asks.

Bals heart began beating faster as he looked down into those soft red eyes and he nods. Putting his left palm on her forehead he recites.

"Caro familiare, I offer you this soul bond, may I be worthy to hold a place in your heart." he adds the last feeling embarassed.

At his words Amelia smiles softly and responds.

"Caro maestro, I accept your bond, may our blood sing together for a thousand years and more."

As she finishs speaking Bal notices that Amelia now has the blood sygl on her forehead. Feeling drained Bal lets his hand drop and he rests his forehead on Amelia's. They sit like that for a few minutes.

"How do we get out of here?" Bal asks opening his eyes and seeing Amelia looking at him.

"Through the front door of course," she says giggling.

She stands up and brushs off her knees where she had kneeled down.

"But it's locked," Bal says looking back at the door, "Everyone's tried to open it."

Amelia pulls Bal up and starts to the door explaining.

"The door is only locked one way. Even if we had not bonded you would have been able to walk right on out. Me on the other hand, I would still have been stuck in here. The only reason I'm going to be able to go out now is because now I'm your familiar."

Amelia pushs the wide golden doors open wide and just stood there admiring the courtyard in front of the temple.

"It's been a long time," she says softly, for once seeming like a young girl who has been cooped up for so long that it's hard to believe she can finally go outside.

Bal takes her hand and smiles at her.

"Come on, lets go outside."

Hand in hand they cross the threshhold and head around the side of the orphanage.

"I live here," Bal says indicating the orphanage, "My mom died giving birth to me so I was placed here. It's been my home for as long as I can remember. Do you know anything about the modern world?" Bal asks.

Amelia nods.

"Yeah, I can talk to certain creatures, bats, ravens and such, so I do know things."

Bal was relieved. He wasn't sure if she would have went into shock when she came across a car for the first time. The schools themselves are on a different plane, one with no current technology and only people that have went to a magykal school may reside there, them or their families. So hopefully they will be able to enroll soon. As they round the building Bal hears kids playing in the front yard. Apparently while Bal had been with Amelia, the other kids had started a softball game. They watched the game for a few minutes before Bal pulled Amelia inside.

The front hall of the orphanage was a dull grey with white tiles that always seemed to echo as you walked on them. Thankfully most of the other kids were outside as Bal had to go to Mrs. Brown's office. Mrs Brown was one of the women that helped run the orphanage. In her forties, she always wore a light grey skirt and a white blouse with her greying hair tucked into a bun. Some kids didn't like her as she would give you a severe punishment if she caught you doing something you weren't supposed to, but the way Bal looked at it, if what you are doing is worth getting caught why get upset if you do? Balthazaar always knew though if he ever truly needed someone to talk to, or if he had really messed up, he could talk to Mrs. Brown. This was one of those times he really needed to talk to her.

There were five wooden chairs beside Mrs. Brown's office door. After knocking twice on the door he took a seat and motioned for Amelia to do the same.

"What are we doing?" Amelia asks, plopping down beside Bal and looking around the hallway.

"I need to talk to someone about my hand. Well that and me going to school. There's a new orientation class in two weeks. We had three boys and two girls leave a few days ago."

"Come in." A voice yelled from behind the door.

Bal motions for Amelia to follow him inside. The inside of Mrs. Brown's office showed little in the way of personality, there was one picture frame on her desk showing her dead husband. Otherwise the office was spartan and bare with the exception of two filing cabinets and a desk. Mrs. Brown was writing something so Bal and Amelia waited in front of the closed door until she finished. Once she put down her pen she looked up and froze. The sight of Balthazaar's new hand and Amelia shocked her. Hoping to forestall a lot of questions he wouldn't have any answers to, Bal quickly summarised what had happened to him and who Amelia was. Bal couldn't tell what shocked Mrs. Brown more. The fact Bal had a new hand or that Bal now had a Vampire Goddess as a familiar. After a few minutes of opening and closing her mouth, which made Bal think of a goldfish, all she said was "Well then." Then sat back.

They stared at each other for a moment before Mrs. Brown laughed.

"You just don't do anything by half measures do you?"

Bal grinned.

"I can honestly say this was not how I pictured my day going. Is this going to be a problem though?" Bal asks showing his palm, "You know how the schools are about Blood sygls."

Mrs. Brown nods, then picks up her pen and taps it on the desk thinking.

"I know what you mean but they really don't have a choice do they? I mean not if she shows up." She says pointing her pen at Amelia. "Once they call roll for any blood sygls you'll stand then they will ask for your originator. Which is Amelia here, to acknowledge you. If she did not then you would not be able to enroll in the school."

Mrs. Brown drops her pen on the desk and leans forward, her wooden chair creaking with the motion.

"They are not going to be happy you are there," she warns them, "The only reason they have not outlawed blood sygls from attending is that they want to be seen as fair. That's probably why they locked her away. It made it seem like she had just abandoned her followers."

Amelia nods at that.

"It was that and the fact they knew they could not win in a straight up fight with me."

Amelia tucks her hair behind an ear and looks at Balthazaar.

"But I think it's time they see what a true blood mage can do." she says smiling.

Bal nods.

"Can you get me enrolled then? I know I'll have to leave soon to get there on time. Plus I'll need the school supplies."

Mrs. Brown waves that off.

"Supplies are provided by the school for first years, you'll just need to take any other personal belongings you'll want. They have their own uniforms and everything."

"Can I ask a question?" Amelia says.

Mrs. Brown nods and sits back.

"Why are you willing to help a blood mage when most want to kill them or at the least not want to be involved with them."

Mrs. Brown sighed and her eyes drifted to the picture on her desk.

"Weak affinities sometimes don't show up until later in life, if at all. My husband's did not show up until he was in his thirties. Once it did the factory he was working for fired him. They said they didn't want to be seen as a blood mage supporter. After that he did what work he could find, but it was never enough. He ended up getting shot coming home from work one day. I've never been able to find out why but I've got my suspicions. So I want to help Bal overcome this hatred if I can. With his sygl being visible the day he was born I know his affinity must be strong, otherwise they would not have removed his hand that soon."

Balthazaar clenches his left hand. Seeing this Amelia reaches over and covers it with her own.

"Don't worry, they can't do it again." She says softly.

Bal looks into her eyes and trusts her.

"So what do I need to do?" Bal asks Mrs. Brown.

"Nothing except pack the few belongings you wish to take with you. I need to reach out to the school, so you will probably leave here in the morning." Mrs. Brown looks between them. "The fact you have a familiar, not to mention it's your own originator, will cause a stir as well. Most students do not get a familiar until they are introduced in your classes. I will let the school know you have one but will leave the details out. For now, its best you run along and pack. I will send Pierre for you in the morning."

With that dismissal Bal headed to his room followed by Amelia. As the majority of his belongings were not things of sentimental value it did not take Bal long to pack his backpack. A few books, a compass that he had received for his birthday, a pocketknife, then his rune engraving kit he had bought with his earnings by working in the kitchen were all he really wanted to take. Amelia had swiped one of Bal's spell books and was laying back on his bed. The books themselves were old but Fredrick, the boy who had given them to him, had been a friend and he didn't want to leave them behind. Even if the school was going to provide him with new books.

"You know most of the stuff they teach as first years doesn't seem that difficult." Amelia comments browsing through the book.

Bal rolls his eyes.

"That's because it's for first years. The spell I used on the carpet is not taught until the second year."

Amelia peers at him over the top of the book, her red eyes showing laughter.

"Oh so you're an overachiever huh?"

It felt a little odd to be joking like this with a thousands year old Vampire Goddess but Bal had to admit that it was more like she was just a regular girl.

"I like to read," Bal says and shrugs, "Just think if I hadn't have seen that flicker or found that spell I would never have found you."

Amelia nods and closes the book suddenly serious. She sets the book aside and sits up.

"I should warn you, The others are not going to like you being at the school. It's not just the students and teachers, I'm talking about the other originators. They can not interfere with you directly but others can."

"Why did they lock you away in the first place?" Balthazaar asks as he sits beside Amelia.

"Do you know the reason why Blood mages are so dangerous?" Amelia counters.

Bal shakes his head.

"Not really. I know that some of their magic has to do with their own blood 

[Page 16]
...but other than that no." Amelia nods, "I'm not really surprised that is all you know. You see blood mages are so dangerous because we can alter people's sygls. Not with out them wanting it but it can be done. The other originators were shocked when this came out. Honestly it was a closely guarded secret at one point but Raizen, the storm originator, got one of his followers to kidnap a high priest of mine. The other originators had grown concerned that some of their followers were disappearing from their sight. So Raizen's high priest captured one of mine and tortured him to find out what was going on. Truthfully I was more concerned with other things at the time and didn't realize that a high priest had went on a converting crusade. The others didn't believe that I had nothing to do with it." Amelia shrugs, "To be fair If I had known I would have been okay with it. The only reason anyone converting would be a problem for the others is that once someone converts they do not lose their inherited gifts from the old sygl." "Inherited gifts?" Bal asks curious. Amelia grins, "Don't worry, you'll find out at the ceremony. Now, I'm hungry. Lets go get something to eat." Bal's eyes widened, and Amelia rolled hers, "Normal food," she says, "I can survive off it but I do need blood to really thrive." With that she pulls Bal off the bed in search of sustenance.

[Page 17]
The next morning Mrs. Brown woke Balthazaar up around six and told him to grab his things then stop by the kitchen for a bite to eat before reporting to her office. Bal was just finishing stuffing the last of his Blueberry muffin into his mouth when he and Amelia entered Mrs. Brown's office. Sitting in one of the chairs was an older man with well worn mages robes. The red of the cloth was faded but it looked well cared for. Seeing them enter he stood and introduced himself. "Hello there you must be Balthazaar and Amelia. My name is Verin and I'll be escorting you to The Heir's school." Verin's easy smile and kind blue eyes made him seem more a kind grandfather than anything. Verin turned to Mrs. Brown, "Sarah, I'll go ahead and set the portal outside. The other children are in their rooms?" He asks. After she nods he turns back to Bal, "I'll be waiting out front, please do not take long saying your goodbyes." With that he strode past them, softly closing the door behind him. Bal turns to Mrs. Brown, "I didn't think to ask yesterday but how do I explain Amelia until everyone knows who she is? The familiar brand is not something most people would see on a person is it?" he asks. Amelia taps him on the shoulder. Once he turns Bal sees that the mark is not there. Confused he asks where it went. Amelia laughs.

[Page 18]
"Familiars can choose whether or not to show the brand, unless It is a direct command to keep it visible or hidden. I'll just say I'm enrolling in the school until it comes out who I am." "Besides," Mrs. Brown says standing up and coming over to him, "Verin knows not to ask too many questions. He's been doing this a long time." Mrs. Brown then gives him a quick hug before telling Amelia to keep him out of trouble. Amelia promises she will but shows Bal the crossed fingers behind her back with a grin. The Both then head out to where Verin was waiting in the front courtyard. A portal, twelve feet wide and eight feet tall, took up the main walkway. Through it Bal could see a horse drawn buggy surrounded by a dark forest. There was a lit lantern providing soft yellow light hanging from a metal arm attached to the buggy. Verin explained that they would have to travel there by cart as portaling did not work in or near the school. Not properly anyway he corrected himself. While He got Bal and Amelia settled he explained what he meant. When the school was built, with the originator's help, each one put an enchantment to help protect the safety of the school. One of them was a diverting enchantment so that anyone who tried to portal in was shifted to another area on this plane. There's really no telling where you might end up he tells them. The only exceptions to that...

[Page 19]
...are the originators themselves. They are not affected by that enchantment. The dark forest they rode through was deathly quiet. The sound of the horses hooves hitting the packed dirt and the creaking of the buggy's wheels the only sounds as everyone became quiet, each lost in their thoughts. Going to this school had been all Balthazaar had ever dreamed about. Granted he had never thought he would go with a blood sygl but even that wasn't such a bad thing. Bal had always been a curious kid, searching out secrets. Blood mages were the most secretive of all mages and there really wasn't much known about them. As they were never allowed into any of the magykal schools, since Amelia couldn't claim them, It wasn't really known what they could do. Bal glances over at Amelia who seemed lost in thought herself, probably thinking about the coming confrontation. Bal reachs over and takes her hand briefly. Startled Amelia looks at Bal, who squeezes her hand lightly and gives her a small smile. Amelia returns the smile then turns back to looking out at the forest still holding Bal's hand. They rode this way for ten or so miles before pulling up to a old cottage that had a firepit in the front yard that was currently on fire. After they had stopped Verin climbed down, motioning them to do the same. "This is my home," Verin explains as he unhooks the horse from the buggy. The Horse then walks to a trough and begins to drink. "Normally I...

[Page 20]
...try and head on to the school but with how late it is we'd all better rest and head out in the morning. I've got both your school uniforms inside, you'll need to change into them before we leave tomorrow. Once you get officially claimed your sygl will appear on your clothes so don't worry about it not being there beforehand. There is stew in the pot inside so make yourselves comfortable while I see to old Thistle here," Verin says heading to his horse. Bal and Amelia then head inside the cottage. The cottage was well kept, a firepit in the corner had a large metal pot with stew in the corner. They could both smell the savory spices when they walked in. There were two bed rolls side by side near the fire as well as two wrapped packages, what Bal guessed were their uniforms. Bal headed to one of the packages and began to unwrap it when he noticed Amelia still standing by the door biting her bottom lip. Bal frowned not understanding the nervous look on her face. "Are you okay?" Bal asks putting the parcel aside and looking at her. Amelia nods then heads over to him. "I am but there's something I need to ask you." Bal nods and waits for her to speak. After a moment she asks, "Can I feed from you?" she asks softly, "I have not had human blood for a very long time and I need it to be at my full strength. I worry I won't be able to...

[Page 21]
...stop the others if they try something tomorrow without it." Bal sits back, "If it's something you need of course you can. You're my familiar, and hopefully my friend, why wouldn't I help you?" Amelia peeks up at him through her black bangs, "It doesn't freak you out? I mean I am a Vampire." Bal shrugs, "Nah, just makes you more interesting," he says with a grin. Amelia shyly grins back and gives him a quick hug. Startled he hugs her back before she lets him go and is unwrapping her own package. Soon she's telling him about how the originators came up with the idea for the schools and how they felt they needed mutiple schools to promote growth. All in all it was information Bal would never have gotten, so he filed it away, but his attention was more on Amelia. Her shyness and now her excitement about showing him around the school she had helped build captivated him. Bal had never had a girlfriend at the orphanage, he had kissed a few but nothing more serious than that. The way Amelia was seemed like something Bal wanted in a girl. Well, the Vampire thing wasn't what he expected. But definitely all the rest. Amelia, seeing him staring at her, pulls her hair behind her ear and asks him what he's looking at. Bal says, "You," and Amelia blushes. Verin comes in a few minutes later and finds them both sitting on their bed rolls with their bowls of stew fixing...

[Page 22]
...himself a bowl he sits in the one chair at his table and begans to explain to them what tomorrow will be like in between spoonfuls of stew. Once they arrive at the school gates he will drop them of so they can walk with the other students. In the inner courtyard will be a raised podium. All of the new students will assemble in front of the podium. Once everyone has gathered, The originators will start to arrive on the stage. As each student is claimed they will walk around the stage and form a line behind their originator. Once everyone has been claimed, each originator will lead their students to their dorms. This may well be the only time you see them Verin warns, so any questions you might have ask them then. Bal glances sideways at Amelia and grins. Amelia herself looks as if she's trying not to laugh. Verin doesn't notice this so he continues. "You will get your schedule from the Lead mage in your dorm but all first years have the same classes, it's just the times are different. They mix all of the different sygl's together in the classes so you can get to know other mages. It's supposed to help form friendships with people from other sygl's. They know once you leave school a lot of people tend to stick with people of the same sygl. That's about it." Verin says polishing off his stew and putting the bowl on the table "Anything else you'll have to find out on your own."

[Page 23]
Verin yawns and stretches, "better get some sleep. Morning comes early." Verin throws a couple of more logs onto the fire before crawling into his bed. A few minutes later he was snoring softly. Bal grabs Amelia's Bowl and heads outside to wash everyones bowl in the horse trough. Amelia follows him. Thistle was grazing nearby and only raised his head slightly when they emerged from the house before resuming his meal. While Bal rinsed out the Bowls Amelia just stood staring up at the sky. "It's been so long since I've been here, I'd forgotten how beautiful it was." Amelia said softly. "How long were you in that place?" Bal asks. "Almost 3000 years." Amelia says, "a long 3000 years." Bal motions to a wooden bench at the side of the cottage and they both sit. "They won't try to take you away again tomorrow will they?" Amelia shakes her head, "No. Honestly them trapping me in the first place was mainly my own stupidity and the fact I trusted them." "What happened?" Bal asks. Amelia leans back against the cottage and closes her eyes. "They had gotten a really talented stone crafter, a high priest of Naisura actually, to make that temple for me. A peace offering they said, since they were sorry about thinking I had anything to do with their lost followers. Us Immortals, we can only be trapped in one of our places of power. Like a temple. It is a rare occasion I ever go in one, which they knew. So when Naisura's...

[Page 24]
...high priest made that temple for me they knew that I would want to thank him and I went to the temple. What I didn't know was that they had their other high priests stashed outside of the Temple. Everyone of them gave their lives to trap me in that place. It took the lives of eight High priests to imprison me for almost 3000 years." A blood red tear slowly escaped Amelia's closed eyes. Bal softly wipes it away. "They chose their path," Bal says, "Now you are free. I can release you from your bond if you wish. I know being bonded to an untrained mage probably is not what you expected." Amelia opens her eyes and turns her head to look at him, smiling. "Thank you for offering. The fact that you offered means a lot. More than you know, but I'd like to stay. Who else can teach you blood magic?" she says sticking out her tongue. Bal laughs then remembers she had said earlier she needed to feed. "Okay, well if you're my familiar I've got to take care of you. How do you want to feed?" At the mention of feeding Amelia's eyes brighten, and she takes his hand and pulls it to her mouth. "Are you sure?" Amelia asks. Bal nods and Amelia slowly bites into Bal's wrist. Having an unusually high pain tolerance, Bal barely feels Amelia's fangs as they pierce his skin. Bal listens to the sucking sounds for a moment then starts talking about how excited he was...

[Page 25]
...to actually be going to school. Not having a left hand all his life, he had resigned himself to being a regular laborer until he could master enough magyk to make himself useful in other ways. Bal continued on talking until Amelia stopped and licked the puncture marks on his wrist. Bal was astonished to see the holes close up on their own. Seeing his look Amelia laughed "It wouldn't have looked good to show up with two holes in your wrist on the first day of school." Bal agreed and then stood up holding out his hand. Amelia took it and they headed inside to bed, eager for the new day.

It was an hour or so after they left the cottage the next morning before they started to see other carriages and buggies with students. Verin slowed their pace and fell in behind a buggy that had two boys around Bals age and an older girl that looked around sixteen. She had the Tempus sygl on the back of her sweater. The sygl seemed to spark electricity in the sunlight. As they were in the same buggy Bal thought they might be siblings. It wasn't long until Bal caught his first view of The Heir's school. The Heir's School of Magykal Artes was the first school the originator's created. No one knows exactly when it was built though. From a distance it looked like a very large ornate castle. There are five stone towers surrounding it, one for each of the originators,...

[Page 26]
...but the main building itself was massive. There was a very large castle wall surrounding it as well as having an iron gate that was currently up. As they pulled up to the gate Bal could see the large crowd of students gathered in front of a raised stone stage. There were what looked like marble, veined with blue lines, thrones on the stage. Each throne had a sygl engraved in gold on the front of it. The gold sygl's gleamed in the sunlight. Bal and Amelia disembarked from their buggy once Verin pulled to the side. "Head right to the back and don't wander off. It won't be long before it begins," he warns. They both wave to Verin as he turns his buggy around and heads home. Bal and Amelia hover around the back of the crowd listening to the chatter of conversations. Everyone knew what sygl they would be in so they had started grouping up and talking amongst themselves. "Why have this ceremony if everyone already knows what sygl they are?" Bal asks quietly. "Because it keeps the thought that the originators care about you alive. You know, that they took the time to choose you personally." Amelia answers, "Plus, this is a lot of peoples initiation into the magykal world. Something like this stays with you." As she finished talking a loud gong sounds and the talking gradually dies down. "Can they sense you here?" Bal asks quickly just realizing it was a possibility. Amelia grins and shakes her head. A...

[Page 27]
...moment later there's a bright flash. Once Bal can see again every throne except the far right was now occupied. On the far left sat Aren the Duality sygl originator. As it was the day time he appears as an elderly man with a long white beard, brown wizard robes and sandalwood sandals. His other form, which appears at night, he will appear as Nera, a young blond woman in a shimmering white dress. Next to Aren is Kenmei, A tall stately woman in flowing blue robes. Her hair is brown and she has pale sea green eyes, she is the waves originator. Naisura was next, He is the Terra sygl originator. He looks like a man in his thirties, he is bare chested and has on white drawstring pants, as if he just came from the gym. And last is Raizen, the Tempus originator. He looks a middle aged man in orange monks clothing. As silence had now descended upon the courtyard Aren stands and walks to the edge of the stage, and begins his speech. "Welcome to our school. As most of you know this was the first school that we built together and as such have always been particular about the ones chosen to come here. Never forget that out of all the students, you got the chance to come here instead of one of the lesser schools. As of now you are officially an Heir, with all the prestige that comes with that title. Now, it is time to begin." We will begin with me, calling out each of...

[Page 28]
...my chosen. You will then form a line behind my throne. Then Kenmei and so on until everyone is gathered behind us. Once everyone has been chosen each of us will lead you to your sleeping quarters where your lead mage will give you your class schedule. Any questions you have for us must be asked at that time. Is that understood?" Seeing everyone nodding, he then goes and sits back on his throne. As there were about fifty people in the crowd it would take awhile. After the first few names Bal stopped paying attention and whispered to Amelia, "You okay?" Amelia nods, "You don't know how long I've waited for this," she says her eyes shining bright in the sunlight. "About three thousand years right?" Bal jokes. Startled Amelia looks at him and grins, "Well yeah I guess you do. I can honestly say this will be an initiation no one will forget." Bal and Amelia waited patiently until they were the only two people left standing in front of the stage. There were some whispers from behind the stage once they noticed that Raizen had stopped but we were still standing there. Aren stood then and walked to the edge of the stage, his voice carrying across the courtyard. "Young man, come closer. Bring your companion." Bal and Amelia approached the stage. Aren turned to the other originators. "Are they yours?" he asked them. One by one each shook...

[Page 29]
...their heads. With a sad look on his face he turned back to Bal and Amelia. "I'm sorry young ones, If you have a blood sygl then I'm afraid you've come so far for nothing. As you can see," Aren says gesturing to the empty throne, "Lady Amelia has not come to claim you. Unfortunately unless you have an originator patron you may not attend this school." Bal steps forward, "But what if she did claim us, would we be able to attend?" Bal asks projecting his voice so that he was sure those behind the stage could hear him. Aren nods but smiles sadly, "Of course you could but Alas Lady Amelia has not been seen in a very long time." Bal senses Amelia step up beside him. Amelia looks at Aren then to the other originators sitting on their thrones. She then claps her hands making Aren stumble backwards in shock. The shock was equally apparent on each other originators face. Bal turns to look at her and Amelia mutters to Bal, "I disguised myself. You could see me as I was but no one else could." Bal nods seeing the sense in this, then he turns back to the originators on the stage. Amelia lightly jumps on the stage and the originators watch her warily but she just heads to her throne. "Balthazaar Norheart I formally claim you. I also name you my High priest." She announces before turning to the other originators, "Let the first one harm him at...

[Page 30]
...their peril." She says narrowing her eyes. "There are things that need to be said but they will wait. You will not return to your domains until they are, will you?" One by one the other originators shake their heads quickly and Bal can begin to see how they could be afraid of her. Just as quickly she turns to him and motions for him to go behind the stage. Once there he sees the other students staring at him. Some confused, some awed even some excited. Aren then claps his hands and each originator stands and makes their way down the steps on the side of the stage and leads their groups to their dorms. Amelia beckons for him to follow her. "Gotta admit, the angry vampire Goddess was a good look on you," Bal says as they made their way down a narrow corridor that ended in stairs going downwards. Amelia laughed, "They just know I could have wrecked havoc if I had really wanted to. They are glad I didn't." "Why didn't you?" Bal asks curious as they came out into another corridor filled with paintings. Amelia shrugs, "As mad and hurt as I was when it first happened, the anger has died down. There are other ways to get revenge." Seeing she wasn't going to elaborate he then asks, "And the High Priest thing?" Amelia winces, "Yeah I know I should probably warned you first but I honestly did it to keep you safe." "Keep me safe?" Bal asks. Amelia nods, "Any of the originators can mess with any follower even a regular priest to a certain degree, but they are...

[Page 31]
...not allowed to interfere with a High Priest. If they do then the offended party can challenge the originator that did it. They do not want that. I would be only too happy to go toe to toe with anyone of them and they know that. This way if they try anything I can back you up all the way, not just to the extent that a familiar would." Bal nods accepting her reasoning. "Anything special I need to know about the whole High Priest thing?" Amelia hesitates, "We'll talk more about it tonight." They stop in front of a stone pedastle with a carving of the blood sygl on it. "Put your left hand on it," Amelia says. Bal does and he feels a pin prick on his palm. Quickly the stone draws blood, the blood drawing the blood sygl. Once it finished the blood seeps in and a section of the wall slides open with a small set of stone steps leading up. Amelia leads the way and the stone wall slides back as they enter. "Each dorm is enchanted in different ways," she says, "One of the enchantments on mine is that there are no set rooms. For example, if we get another student another bedroom appears. Need a dining room? One will appear. If you want it to be permanent you normally have to ask the Lead Mage, which is you, or a High Priest, which is also you," she says laughing. She plops down on one of the blood red couchs in front of the fire. "Will we get more students?" Bal asks sitting beside her. Amelia nods, "Yeah, especially once word...

[Page 32]
...gets out I'm back." Amelia sighs then sits up, "Okay, official stuff before I have to go and deal with the family. Do you remember how you got down here?" Bal nods. "Good. I may not always be with you so you need to know your way around. Now you've got only four classes as a first year, I'll get you the list after I get through dealing with them. There is a curfew but as Lead Mage you are exempt from that. The library is on the second floor, because I'm sure you're going to want to go hunting for it. Make friends with the other Heirs if you can. If not don't worry about it, they'll come around. Lastly, you like secrets right?" Amelia asks. Bal nods cautiously. Amelia grins, "Me too. If you figure out any more enchantments there are here or any other secrets in the school I'll reward you." Bal smiles, "I can't wait." "Me either," Amelia replies, "Now I've got to go. If you need me push your magyk into your sygl and I'll be there." Amelia gives him a quick hug then snaps her fingers and disappears. Bal then spends the next few hours exploring his dormitory. The dorm itself did not seem all that big when he had entered, there was a fireplace on the right with a couch and a wing backed leather chair in front of it. There was also a coffee table in front of the couch. There were two doors on the other side of the room, one leading to a bathroom and one leading to a quite large bedroom, easily twice the size of the one...

[Page 33]
...he had previously had at the orphanage. The large four post canopy bed seemed like it could sleep five and there was an equally large chest at the foot of the bed. The bed itself had a soft looking blanket with a very dark rose on black embroidered on it. Bal then closed the door satisfied with the bedroom. Bal thought for a moment wondering what other rooms he would want for the dorm. A library was obvious as well as kitchen and dining room. As he thought these three more doors appeared. Curious he opened the first one and saw it was the Kitchen. There was a wood burning stove as well as two chests off to the side. Above the chests were shelves that held various spices. Bal opened the chests and saw they held meat and vegetables. Satisfied he left the kitchen and entered the library. The library was smaller than the common room with empty bookshelves but it had five chairs situated in front of another fireplace. Bal was slightly disappointed that the bookshelves had no books but the room would be nice to read in once he could get some books on the shelves. The last room that Bal entered was the dining room. A quite large mahogany table took up most of the room with nice polished wooden chairs around it. With a thought Bal combined the Kitchen and dining room into one large room. Bal then heads back to the common room and with a thought makes those rooms permanent.

[Page 34]
By this time Bal was getting hungry but instead of cooking in his new kitchen he went in search of the schools dining hall. As he got closer to the main school corridor he began to hear people talking and laughing. There was a large courtyard in the middle of the school and there were many kids sitting around talking. Most of them were talking to other people that belonged to their own sygl but Bal saw a few brave ones chatting with others. "Hey you're that Blood guy right?" a girl with a voice asked behind him. Bal turns quickly and sees a pale blue hair and matching color eyes looking at him. She was a little taller than him and had a small smile on her face. Seeing him looking at her hair, which seemed to bristle with electricity periodically, she rolls her eyes, "It's an inheritance thing. After Raizen did our question and answer thing he let us know that any inheritance traits we had could show up today. My understanding it's one of the rarest traits, if not the rarest, as it gives me more control over storms, but who knows," she says shrugging, "No one rolling out the red carpet for you yet?" Bal looks confused. "I mean has no one tried to talk to you yet," she says. Bal shakes his head. "Oh, well I'm Viridia Vizer an Heir of Raizen," she says sticking out her hand. They shake hands quickly. "They probably aren't sure what to think about me," Bal says gesturing to the others, "This isn't something that happens everyday." Viridia nods, "Yeah that makes sense.

[Page 35]
Honestly though, once people get over the shock of it they will probably start approaching you. Just remember not everyone's going to be friendly. You've got a lot of years of hate and stuff to get past." Bal nods, "Yeah I know but thanks for the warning. Aren't you afraid they'll think bad about you by you talking to me?" Viridia laughs, "They wouldn't say anything to me about it if they did. Kids with an inheritance are considered the elite of a class. This year I'm the only one thats manifested one so far. That could change but even if it did I wouldn't care. The petty politics most of these kids try and do are stupid." "So you don't think Raizen is just the greatest thing ever like the rest of them?" Bal says grinning. Viridia laughs and shakes her head, "Nah, they are people just like us. They have faults just like us. They are just longer living than the rest of us." "That's not an opinion you hear often," Bal says, "Most people don't criticize them that I hear." Viridia just shrugs, "I'm not like most people." "I can see that. The electric blue hair kinda gives it away," Bal says laughing. Viridia just sticks her tongue out at him. "Come on," Viridia says pulling Bal along, "Lets go get lunch." Bal and Viridia start to follow some of the other students who had started making their way to the Dining Hall. The Dining Hall was quite large with five long tables with benchs on both sides. Seeing that each one had their sygl on them it was obvious that each was supposed to sit at their own table. When Viridia followed Bal to his...

[Page 36]
...table he raised a questioning eyebrow at her. "Did you want to eat alone?" Viridia asked. "Not particularly," Bal replied. "Okay then," Viridia says sitting down. On each silver plate was a piece of paper. Bal sees that it is instructions for how to order his meal. The paper said to write what he wanted on the back of the paper then lay the paper on his plate. After today he could do the same with any piece of paper. With a grin he writes large pepperoni pizza on the paper. Once he sets the paper back on the plate the plate disappears and a large silver dish with a steaming pepperoni pizza appears in its place. Bal reachs for a slice as Viridia picks up her burger and takes a bite. They sit in silence for a bit, both of them concentrating on their food. "You nervous about your classes?" Bal asks once he finished his third slice. Having finished her burger Viridia reachs over and snags a slice of his pizza. After she takes a bite she replies, "A little yeah," she wipes some grease off her chin with a napkin, "I heard you can't leave the forest until you bond a familiar." "Why wouldn't you be able to bond one?" Asks Bal, "As long as you know the incantation it's not difficult." Viridia lowers her pizza and narrows her eyes, "You've already got a familiar," she accuses, "They told all of us to not even attempt it until we had class. How'd you get one already?" Bal just shrugs and smirks, "Mines a special case. Honestly I hope I can see your face when you see my familiar." "Why wouldn't you...

[Page 37]
...be able to?" Viridia asks resuming her eating, "Is it like a Wolf or something?" "No it's me," Amelia says popping into existence beside Bal scaring Viridia who started choking on her bite of pizza. After a minute of coughing Viridia was able to swallow some water. "Wait. What?? I don't understand, Lady Amelia what do you mean you're his familiar?" Amelia lifts her bangs then so Viridia can see Bal's personal familiar brand on her forehead. Viridia stares at it stunned. "But how is that possible?" Amelia grabs a slice of pizza and explains between bites, "As an Immortal, and a vampire, I'm technically a magical creature. That's how the bonding was able to work." "Yeah but bonded creatures demand something in return, what could he have that you'd want?" Viridia asks incredulously, obviously not realizing how that would sound. Amelia glares at Viridia, "Don't ruin the good impression I've gotten of you so far. Insulting him is the one thing that's liable to set me off." Viridia pauses and realizes what she said and how she took it. "No No," she says waving her hands, "I didn't mean it disrespectfully, I just mean you're Immortal. Would could a mortal offer you you couldn't get for yourself." Amelia lowers her eyes and murmurs, "You'd be suprised." Feeling that he'd better step in, "This is our big secret until class, you're just gotten a preview. Imagine how the rest of the class is going to react." Viridia laughs glad for the change of subject. "Yeah...

[Page 38]
...that's going to be hilarious. There going to have all these lame familiars and you're going to have a beautiful vampire familiar." Amelia's head snaps up, "You think I'm beautiful?" she asks. "Of course. I'd die to have skin like yours." Viridia says with a straight face. Amelia just stares at Viridia for a moment then busts out laughing, "Okay you can keep her," Amelia tells Bal before swallowing her last bite of pizza, "I'll be in the dorm when you get done hanging out and we can go over the stuff we didn't get to earlier. Have fun you two!" With a pop she was gone and Viridia and Bal just stared at each other. "What did she mean by you can keep me?" Viridia asks. Bal just shrugs, "Honestly? I have no idea." Bal and Viridia chatted a little while longer before Viridia excused herself saying she needs to get back to her dorm. She waves goodbye then heads off. There were still students milling around as Bal made his way back to his dorm room. He caught a few hostile stares as he was walking but no one bothered him. As the sliding door opened to his dorm he sees Amelia plopped down on the couch with her feet on the coffee table. Seeing the door open she smiles at him as she waved to him. Bal made his way over to her and sat beside her on the couch. "How's your first day?" Amelia asks. Bal leans back. "Not bad. I'm glad I've made a friend already. Viridia seems cool." Amelia nods, "I like her too. She'd do...

[Page 39]
...well in the Blood sygl." Bal nods and closes his eyes. "Yeah, I think she would. She's not really a fan of the other originators. Too bad she's a Tempus." "Yeah, too bad." Amelia replies. Something in Amelia's voice causes Bal to open his eyes and look at her. Amelia waits for Bal to make the connection. When he doesn't she sighs. "Okay, I can't really blame you for not seeing where I was going with that. This has something to do with the whole High Priest thing anyway. Do you remember how I said earlier how there are other ways to get revenge on my family? Well Imagine how Raizen would feel if someone with his rarest Inheritance gift came over to the Blood? I wasn't really planning on anyone special but she is too good to pass up." "So you want me to convert her," Bal says making sure he understands, "I'll be doing the thing that your family locked you away for the last time. Are you sure that's what you want?" Bal asks. Amelia nods with a determined look on her face, "They know I'm going to do something to get back at them. This is the one thing they wouldn't expect. Plus we need more students. The fact that she's also really pretty is just another perk for you." Bal jerked up with his mouth open and Amelia laughed, "I saw you looking at her. It's okay I don't mind, I was looking myself." Bal just shakes his head and moves the topic back to converting Viridia, "How exactly am I supposed to do that?" Bal asks. "As a High Priest you...

[Page 40]
...alone have the ability to convert someone's sygl. To do this you cut your left hand and then cut theirs and you mingle blood. you have to send your blood into their body. It takes a bit but once their body gets used to your blood the sygl on their palm will change. After that they will officially be one of my followers. This was another reason I made you a High Priest." Amelia admitted, "It wasn't only to keep you safe." Bal chuckles, "It's fine, I figured it might be other reasons. Look, you've given me what I've wanted my whole life, plus more excitement than I could have imagined. I don't mind doing these things for you." Amelia visibly brightened at that, "Okay," she says smiling, "So you're okay with Viridia joining us?" Bal nods thinking about Viridia's pale blue eyes and the way they seemed to light up when she laughed. "Definitely." After that Amelia gave him his class schedule. His first class of the day was the Familiar class followed by Rune working then lunch. After lunch they have a Warfare class then a crafting class. As Bal had some knowledge of Runes already he wasn't terribly worried about unknowns. Bal chose not to ask Amelia about them preferring to find out on his own tomorrow. The rest of the evening passed quickly with Bal and Amelia getting to know each other, with Bal asking questions about Amelia's past and Amelia learning how things were in the orphanage for Bal.

[Page 41]
Amelia was sixteen when she had been turned into a vampire she told Bal. She never knew who did it as the vampire who bit her left her in the middle of the road and a stranger had found her. Back then Amelia explains vampires were known to exist but were relatively rare. More rare than they are today. Amelia had killed the farmer that had found her, delirious as she was, and needing blood, she didn't know what had happened until afterwards. Apparently the blood lust is only that bad once you get turned. It ebbs away the longer you are alive. or undead she corrects herself laughing. Bal asks about how she went being a normal vampire to a Vampire Goddess. Amelia tells him that it takes a lot of magical energy to pass the threshold between mortal and Immortal. There's no set amount you just have to keep consuming it until it happens. She had a leg up because she was able to absorb the magic from people she fed on. She was the newest originator, she explained, and when it happened Amelia was just as suprised as the others. Once she passed that threshold she automatically teleported to a stone temple and the other originators were there too. Amelia was confused and asked what was going on. Aren, being the oldest, explained to Amelia what had happened and what she now was. She would be given a sygl and it would start appearing on mortal's palms, the universes way of giving her followers. As each follower gives her magical energy, it could sustain her forever. There were always some war or something...

[Page 42]
...going on because one of the originators had done something to another but Amelia tended to stay out of it. Prefering to play with her own followers. They tried to pull her in to a war one time but as Amelia went down and wiped out half the battlefield on her own. They decided to leave her alone. Amelia didn't play by the rules. The originators played their followers against each other, choosing to use them as pawns in their war. So when Amelia entered the war herself the others knew she would not play their games. That's why they were afraid of her. They sat in silence for a bit after Amelia finished with her history, the fire sparked and crackled. "You're the first person I've told my full story to," Amelia says, "to be honest it feels good to talk about it." Balthazaar nods, "I get that. It feels easy to talk to you. What will you be doing while I'm in my classes tomorrow?" He asks. Amelia looks thoughtful for a moment before replying. "Well after your familiar class I'll probably head out to see some of my other followers on your home plane. To let them know I'm back. Most of them wont be able to apply to this school but I'd like them to know I'm at least here. I'm not like the other originators, I do try to have contact with my followers if possible. Other than that I've got a few other errands to run. Speaking of classes though you probably need to get some sleep. A loud bell will wake you when it's time for you to get up." Bal takes...

[Page 43]
...her hand smiling at her, "Out of all the sygls I could have had, I'm glad I ended up with yours." The firelight reflecting off her eyes seemed to make her eyes brighter at his words. Bal then headed off to bed.
The next morning after eating a hearty breakfast of eggs, bacon, toast, and oatmeal with Viridia they found that they had all but the rune working class together. So they ended up walking to the familiar taming and care class together. Not seeing Amelia Viridia asked where she was. "I'm going to call her when I need her to show up. According to her she's got stuff to do and she thinks it'll give the best impression if everyone knows I can call an originator to me whenever I've got a problem. She knows I wouldn't though, I prefer handling my own problems." "I get that," Viridia says as they walk a long the long hallway towards the back of the school. The classroom was located on the far right with a door leading out side. As some were sure to get large familiars it made sense for them to be able to call them outside. The classroom itself wasn't much, twenty desks and chairs in rows of five situated in front of a chalkboard. The teacher had written his name, Mr. Porter, on the board. As Viridia and Bal were some of the first two people in, they grabbed two desks side by side in the...

[Page 44]
...back corner. Mr. Porter himself was sitting at his desk feeding pieces of cheese to a rather large raven that stood on his desk. Once everyone had entered, with quite a few looking at Bal as they did, Mr. Porter stood up and walked to the front of the chalkboard. He looked to be in his fifties with balding grey hair and a tweed suit jacket. He had glasses that seemed to catch the sunlight when he turned from the two windows at the side of the classroom. Through the windows you could see the forest outside. "Why do you need a familiar?" Mr. Porter asks the class. No one answered but looked around as if someone else might have a clue. "A familiar has many uses. Not the least of which is companionship, which should not be discounted by any means. They can also help carry the magical load with difficult spells, carry messages one could even save your life. Take Huginn here," he says gesturing to the Raven on his desk. "He has been with me close to fifteen years. In that time he has become a great friend, saved my life twice, and helped me in numerous other ways. He also gives me a different perspective when I'm confronted with a problem. It is for this reason that you will not be able to leave this class unless you have a familiar of your own. a boy in the front row, Bal had heard him called Tyler, ask what he meant by not being able to leave the class. Mr. Porter shook his head and apologized, "I'm sorry, I misspoke. You...

[Page 45]
...shall not be able to leave the Forest until you have bonded a familiar." Not giving anyone else time to interrupt, Mr. Porter launchs into an explanation on how to bond a familiar and the best way to ensure you are offering enough for the bond to be balanced. "There must be balance." Mr. Porter warns. Once he was certain everyone took his warning to heart, he then waved his hand and a silver ring appeared on each of the students desks. All of the students picked up their rings and began talking. Mr. Porter cleared his throat and everyone quieted down. "Those rings are bonding rings. They release a pulse of magic periodically that a creature may respond to. This does not mean they will be willing to form a bond, but it will get them curious. Be safe as possible and do not try to approach a creature you are not equipped to deal with. Students have died in there." Sensing that it was time, Bal leaves his ring on his desk and raises his hand. Mr. Porter narrows his eyes at Balthazaar, "Yes Mr. Norheart, you have a question?" "What are we to do if we already have a familiar?" Bal asks ignoring the look on Mr. Porter's face. Bal can see Viridia grinning in anticipation. At his question Mr. Porter grew visibly angry. "All students were ordered not to bond a familiar before attending this class Mr. Norheart. I take it you think rules do not apply to you. I assure you that is not the case. Since you feel that you have such a grasp on things that...

[Page 46]
...you do not need my instruction, why don't you show us your familiar? Is it a rodent perhaps? or a toad?" Bal couldn't help laughing which made Mr. Porter even angrier. "Well come on then! We don't have all day. Show us your mastery." Balthazaar then raised his palm to the ceiling and pushed his magyk through his sygl. a moment later Amelia was sitting on his desk, familiar bond clearly visible on her forehead, with her legs crossed. "You called Master?" Viridia doubles over in laughter at the sight of Mr. Porter's pale face. "Lady Amelia," he stutters while the other students jumped up and put some distance between them and Amelia. "What are you doing here?" Amelia slowly turns to Mr. Porter fixing a deadly glare on him. "Are you implying that I need permission from you to go anywhere I wish?" she asks softly. Mr. Porter visibly starts sweating and shaking under her stare, "No No," he says waving his hands, "I was just curious what got you to grace us with your presence, is all." he says. "This is the familiar class is it not?" Mr. Porter nods. "Then that is why I am here. My Master," she indicated Bal who was grinning, "called for me so I came." "But you're... and he is a..." Mr. Porter says trying to find the words to say that won't get him killed. Amelia hops off the desk and strolls to Mr. Porter, "Think your next words through very carefully," she says not taking her eyes from Mr. Porter. Bal...

[Page 47]
...figured he should step in before someone got hurt. By someone he meant Mr. Porter and by hurt he meant Killed. "It's okay Amelia," Bal says deliberately not using an honorific, "I'm sure he didn't mean anything by it. Head back to your errands and I'll meet you in the dorms later." Like a switch had been flipped Amelia turned to Bal and say "Okay master!" and with a smile and a wave she disappeared. Everyone but Viridia and Bal visibly breathed a sigh of relief once Amelia had gone. Viridia still had a slight grin on her face as they resumed their seats sending wary looks at Balthazaar. This story would clearly be across the castle by dinner. Still shaken by his encounter with Amelia, Mr. Porter stammers out a few last minute instructions to the class before opening the door leading outside and telling the class not to come back until they had bonded something. Viridia whispered that she would see him in their warfare class before heading out with the rest of the class. Once the classroom was empty, with the exception of Mr. Porter and Bal as Mr. Porter had sent his raven to keep an eye on the class, he turns to Bal. "Ahm.. uhm as you already have a familiar I could excuse you from this class if you wish Mr. Norheart, but you are welcome to stay of course." he hurriedly adds. Bal nods, "I'd like to stay if you don't mind," Bal could clearly see that Mr. Porter did in fact mind, "After today at least. I would like to go to the...

[Page 48]
...library now if that's okay?" Bal says. Mr. Porter assures him that it is more than okay. The library was on the second floor, just as Amelia had told him. Straight up the stairs, take a right then it was the second door on the left. The reason he had wanted to go to the library today wasn't just to satisfy his curiousity about what books such an old school had, but he had a plan. After Amelia had told him about still wanting revenge for what the other originators did to her he had decided to do some research into things he could do to help her. besides converting followers that is. The library held thousands of books so thankfully the librarian was able to help him find books on the subject he was looking for. Specifically the originators and what laws governed their interactions with their followers and the followers of their fellow originators. Bal knew that he could ask Amelia any questions he had but he wanted to do the research himself and come to her when he had some ideas. Bal then spent the next hour reading accounts of a war between Naisura and Kenmei and how in the end Naisura won by one of his high priests entrapping the command tent of Kenmei's army in stone and burying it underground. After that Kenmei's army fell apart and was wiped out soon after. Looking through the books though he could find very little mention of Amelia though. To Bal it seemed like the other...

[Page 49]
...originators tried to leave her alone. He guessed it's because she didn't play by their rules. From what Bal could tell the other originators looked at their followers as just pieces on a game board. Everyone's lives were expendable except their own. Bal had always looked up to the originators. Yeah some people were born with magyk but not all of them had sygls. He had looked at people with sygls as the chosen of the originators. that they had given a piece of themselves and wanted to make the world a better place. Seeing the truth now in these books and hearing first hand from Amelia how they betrayed her, made Bal sick. Looking at the clock on the wall he sees that it was getting close to his next class. Bal handed the books back to the librarian and asked her to put any other books aside she thought he might like. She promised she would and Bal went to his rune working class, but detoured to his dorm room to pick up his rune engraving kit on the way. The rune working class was taught by a skinny short man named Mr. Winters. The purpose of the class, as explained by Mr. Winters, was to get them familiar with various runes, their uses, and how to use them effectively. Bal spent that first class copying runes down from the chalkboard that he didn't know. Mr. Winters even complimented him on his precise drawing of the avoidance rune, which was an essential one to know if travelling at night in unfriendly...

[Page 50]
...territory. Bal was almost glad when it became time for lunch. Almost because he enjoyed learning the new runes. Bal hurried to the Dining hall eager to see Viridia and find out how her familiar bonding went. Bal spotted Viridia as soon as he entered the Dining Hall. She was writing on a piece of paper, then put it on her plate, followed by her lunch appearing. Today she had decided on chicken nuggets and french fries. Deciding that she had the right idea, Bal ordered the same and they were soon chatting about class. "Lady Amelia really shook up the class." Viridia says dipping her fries in ketchup, "No one expected that." Bal chuckled, "I'd have been suprised if they did. What were they saying?" "Some of the guys were making the usual comments about it being hot that you've got a beautiful woman at your beck and call that calls you Master," She says rolling her eyes, "but quite a few of them think it's kind of cool you've got that kind of connection with your originator. None of us will ever have that." Viridia let that sit for a moment before going on, "I do think Lady Amelia is the coolest though." Bal agreed, "What makes you say that?" Viridia picks up the salt shaker and liberally salts her remaining chicken nuggets, "You know what a blood wolf is right?" Bal thinks for a moment before remembering an entry he had read in a beastiary once. Considered quite rare because of their low birth...

rates and the fact that their pelts are strong enough to repel a longsword, to have seen one is something to brag about. To have bonded one was something else altogether. Bloodwolves had light silver fur with blood red on top. They are also quite a bit larger."

"Yeah, you saying you saw one?" Bal asks.

Viridia grins and explains what happened. Viridia had hung back from the group and was debating on which way to go to search for a familiar when Amelia had appeared a little ways behind her. After getting Viridia's attention they then walked together talking for a bit. After a while Viridia got more comfortable with her and Amelia asked how she would like to show up the rest of the class. Viridia had laughed and said she didn't think she could top Bal's performance. Amelia nodded but then asked again if she would like to show everyone else up. Viridia was intrigued by this point and agreed that she would. Amelia then told her to give her her ring and follow her. Thirty minutes later they came to the side of the mountain which bordered the forest. There was a large cave entrance in front of them. Amelia had told her to wait there and then she had walked into the cave. A few minutes later Amelia emerged from the cave with a bloodwolf following behind her. The wolf wasn't full grown yet but by the size of its paws Viridia could tell it would be big. The Bloodwolf sat down a ways from Viridia and Amelia walked over to her.

"The Bloodwolf, her name was Hopper, would agree to a bond with her. She only requires to have bloody meat to eat and the possibility of being around Amelia."

Viridia was confused by the second part of the request, so Amelia explained. The Bloodwolves were partially a creation of Amelia's. She had taken some of the large plains wolves and given them her Blood, creating this new breed. They do not need blood as a vampire does but it does help their growth. They look at Amelia as a mother of sorts. So the possibility of being around Amelia was an important part of the bond to Hopper. Bal, upon hearing this and remembering that Amelia wanted Bal to convert Viridia, was impressed. Amelia had effectively tied Viridia to them for the time being, without Viridia even realizing it.

Viridia then told Bal how the class was so shocked when she had walked out of the forest followed by Hopper. One of the other Tempus students had made the comment that Raizen wasn't going to like her having a Bloodwolf as a familiar. Viridia laughed and told Bal that Raizen doesn't pay any attention to his followers one way or another. That's what the other Tempus students don't get. They all hope that if they do well their originator will notice them.

"At least your originator talks to you," Viridia says pushing her plate away, "She really is nice. I honestly didn't expect that. Unless someone disrespects you anyway," Viridia laughs.

Bal shrugs sheepishly, "I think she's protective. It's sweet."

"Oh it is," Viridia says agreeing with him.

Their next class was Warfare so Bal and Viridia left out of the Dining Hall then made a right and walked out of the front doors before walking around the castle to the back where the training grounds were. Racks of weapons lined six training areas. A young man that looked like he could be Naisura's son was practicing sword forms waiting on the class to arrive. Bal and Viridia were the last to arrive. Everyone's eyes followed them as they joined the line of students in front of their teacher.

"In this class you will learn to protect yourself," the teacher who introduces himself as Zoran, says getting straight to the point. He then indicates the weapons arrayed around them. "Take your time choosing a weapon. Pick them up and imagine using them. Take the one that speaks to you. Once you have one return to this line and I will pair you off to begin practicing. I will then guide each of you in exercises to get used to your new weapons."

With that he dismisses them and everyone scrambles to the weapon racks. Bal and Viridia were joined at a rack by a shy looking girl with brown hair, glasses that seemed to constantly slide down her nose, and a cute freckled nose. It seemed she was the only one that was brave enough to come near Bal considering the stories that were surely circulating by now. Bal idly noticed that she was a Kenmei sygl. Bal introduced himself and Viridia as he picked up a great axe and tested its weight. Bal was strong for his size but he didn't see himself swinging the massive axe. The girl, who had stammered that her name was Lora Aegis, had gone straight to a rapier and started to do an exercise with it. Seeing this, and admiring the way she was moving, he copied her. The rapier was four and a half feet long and made of high quality steel. As Bal copied the motions he tried to imagine himself using the weapon, and found it to his liking. It allowed quick movements and it was light weight. Lora had noticed Bal copying her and had shyly explained that she had actually trained with her father who had been with Kenmei's army when he was younger. Bal was impressed and asked if she wouldn't mind partnering with him.

"If you aren't put off by all the rumors about my originator," Bal says as they make their way back to the line in front of Zoran.

"No, I don't mind." she says quickly, "I'm just glad to have someone to practice with."

Before Bal could ask why no one would have practiced with her Zoran paired them off and he set Bal to practicing guard and parry forms. Lora, having experience with the rapier already was told to slowly attack Bal so he could get used to defending. They didn't talk much during the class but Bal was able to learn that Lora was normally a quiet girl who stayed to herself, preferring the company of books to the company of people. As they left the training grounds later Bal told her that she was welcome to sit with Viridia and Bal whenever they ate if she wanted. Lora said she would think about it before they parted ways. Viridia had chosen to use a spear during the class, so she was telling Bal how she and a Terra sygl boy had been training.

As they rounded the castle, heading to their last class of the day, Bal sees Amelia waiting for them. She was sitting on the edge of the stage kicking her legs back and forth. Amelia smiled when she saw them and jumped to the ground lightly. Amelia had changed from her normal black dress to a school uniform like Viridia had, with the exception that hers had the blood sygl like Bal's. Bal had to admit that she looked good in the short black skirt, and tight black sweater. Instead of the normal white socks, she wore long black and red socks that reached above her calves. As if Amelia could read his mind, or possibly the fact he couldn't stop staring, Amelia's smile grew wider.

"So how has your classes been?" Amelia asks once she reaches them.

Viridia was also having trouble trying not to stare at Amelia, which Bal was amused to see.

"Pretty good so far. We're heading to our last class of the day now." Bal says, "How's your errands coming along?"

Amelia's smile faded slowly, "That's partly why I'm here unfortunately." she replies, "I'm sorry but I'm going to have to steal him for a while," Amelia tells Viridia.

Viridia waves her off, "It's fine, do you want me to let our teacher know?" she asks.

Amelia shakes her head, "No, I've taken care of it."

"Okay then. You two have fun!" Viridia says heading into the castle.

Bal watches her walk inside, admiring the way her skirt moved and the way her legs looked. Amelia watched Bal while Bal watched Viridia. Once Viridia was out of sight he turned back to Amelia and noticed she had been watching him.

"What?" he asked laughing.

Amelia had a smirk on her face, "Oh nothing. Just admiring the view." she said. "So what's going on?"

Bal asks now that they are alone. Amelia takes Bal's hand and teleports them to a hill overlooking a large army. Raizen's Tempus sygl flew on flags planted throughout the main camp.

"He doesn't already know that we are trying to steal Viridia from him does he?" Bal asked once Amelia had released his hand.

The Army in front of them seemed to be holding marching drills at the moment, with multiple groups merging together. Their swords and spears caught the sunlight.

"No, It's not that. I had a feeling that one of them might try and target my followers soon, since I'm free now, so I've been out searching for the other originator's armies. I've only found two so far, Raizen and Naisura's. Naisura's doesn't look like it has really done anything in months, as last year he went after Nera and got beaten very badly. He's probably still licking his wounds."

"So why would Raizen try and attack you when he doesn't know about Viridia?" Bal asks still watching the soldiers.

"The games they play," Amelia began then stopped. "I hate they consider war a game but they do, but these fights are ranked in a way is the best way I can put it. It is a very rare occasion for someone to try and attack someone too far above you." she says.

"Like Naisura when he went after Nera," Bal guessed.

Amelia nods, "Exactly. So Raizen's only real options at this point are me or Naisura. It's possible Raizen could beat Naisura but since I am free again the burden of dealing with me has fallen to Raizen."

"And that's because you are effectively lower ranked than the others and beneath their notice. I'm surprised they even all went after you as they did, knowing how they are now. It's hard to see them working together if they act like this." Bal says.

"Ah, well that was because they felt like I was stealing from them. They do not share. What is theirs they feel like should stay theirs. So me getting some of their followers offended them on a personal level. They could not let an insult like that stand." Amelia explains.

"So where does that leave us?" Bal asks, knowing he wouldn't step aside while innocent people were killed for the originator's amusement.

Amelia gives Bal a hard smile showing her fangs, "We play their game and break their toys. I have moved quite a few followers of mine to a hidden temple of mine. Surprisingly it was built about a thousand years ago by one of my followers. He had been the lone blood sygl to be born in a family that had always received Terra's sygl. As they were stone workers this helped them greatly. Once Peter had received his sygl, he had been sixteen, he had already learned the family business. The family shunned him after that and he had went wandering in the mountains. A few days later he had found the perfect spot for a temple. As he was not a Terra and his family had exiled him, he built a temple to me. Every stone was laid by his hand."

"How do you know this after being locked away?" Bal asks.

Amelia's eyes went sad, "I guess it's something you need to know anyway. The normal offering in a temple of mine is blood. I'm a Vampire you know, so it makes sense. All of my temples have a stone bowl and sharpened stone knife. A follower will cut themselves and drip some blood into the bowl as an offering to me, then the priest will seal their wounds and try to help with their problems. Any time someone makes an offering I also absorb some of their recent memories for a short time. It took Peter twelve years to complete his temple. In a final dedication, he killed himself on my altar letting his life blood flow free, so he may live with me forever. All of his memories are still with me. From birth to death. The way his family acted towards him hurt him deeply and he was glad to have been able to create something that would endure long after he was gone."

Seeing the similarities between Peter and Amelia, Bal reached forward and pulled Amelia into a hug. Amelia stiffened for a moment before slowly hugging him back. They held each other for a moment before stepping back. Amelia was grateful for the hug and the fact that he did not treat her like everyone else, with either the fear of the other followers or the normal indifference of the originators. Bal treated her as a friend.

"What can I do to help?" Bal asks simply.

The Blood army would need to be trained and tricks devised to help them beat the other originator's armies. High Priests were the technical leaders of the armies, excluding the originators, then the regular priests and so on. Bal would need to meet with the army periodically to show that he was involved. Amelia could not interfere, not if she wanted to appear impartial, but she would be giving Bal advice to help him, she just could not interact directly with her own lesser followers or the opposing army. Everything would have to go through Bal.

"You do know I'm only sixteen right?" Bal asks her once she explained things, "Do you really think grown men will listen to a sixteen year old about war?"

Amelia's eyes harden, "No. I expect them to listen to their High Priest. If they do not it will be handled."

Bal mentally makes a note to try resolving anything he could before she killed anyone.

"Okay then," Bal says in a placating tone, hoping to change her mood, "That's what I'll do. I'll get some books about military strategy from the library and start reading up on it. Do you have more people to move to your temple?"

Amelia nods, "Yes. It's going to take me the better part of a week to not only move them but also the supplies they will need while they are there."

Bal turns back and sees that the gathered soldiers had started weapons drills. The clashing swords echoing across the clearing.

"When do I need to meet them?" Bal asks Amelia.

Amelia shrugs, "That's really up to you. Most of the upper command have already been brought."

Bal looks at the sky, "Do we have time before I've got to get back for dinner?" He asks.

Amelia laughs, "You just want to go hang out with Viridia," she teases.

It was Bal's turn to shrug, not denying it.

"Well lets go then." Amelia says grabbing Bal by the arm and teleporting them to her hidden temple.

From the way that Amelia had talked about it, Bal had thought that it would be a modest sized temple. Especially since one man had built it. Yet this temple was massive. It sat in a canyon surrounded on three sides by mountains so that even a small army could hold that one pass into the temple. Bal could see why Amelia had made it her home base. The temple itself seemed able to house several hundred people at a time in its rooms, not to mention how large the quarters were for priests, and the two for high priests. Bal could clearly see why it had taken Peter twelve years to create his masterpiece.

Amelia informed Bal after she had teleported them into the High priests quarters that she had promoted two followers to priests yesterday to help Bal. She would let him meet them, as they were next door waiting, then the priests would go talk to the commander. Amelia jumps on the bed and laid back making herself comfortable.

"Not coming with me?" Bal asks.

Amelia snaps her fingers and a book appears in her hands.

"No, this is something you need to do on your own. Oh! before I forget again," she snaps her fingers again and a slim white ring with a blood red ruby eye appears on his middle finger. "That ring is your proof that you are a High Priest," she explained. "It also enables you to do various other things," she says with a grin.

Catching her meaning, Bal waves and heads to the priests room next door. The priests room was slightly smaller than the High priests but still decorated lavishly. Two men in their twenties wearing scarlet robes and a white sash tied around their waist. They both looked confused about the fact he was emerging from the High Priests bedroom. Bal showed them the ring. Realization dawned on their faces, and they both hurried to him.

"High Priest!" they said one after another, "We did not know you were coming."

The man on the left introduced himself as Thad Moren. He was a slight man with long black hair tied into a ponytail, pale skin, and a sharp nose. On the right was Xavier Giles, a broad shouldered man with scars on his hands that looked to be from a weapon, tan skin and clear blue eyes that showed his intelligence. They were both surprised at his age but assured him that the fact Lady Amelia chose him was good enough for them. Bal motioned them to a table placed near the wall. Bal then explained their purpose there, to a greater degree than he would the commander but still leaving things out. He told them that the other originators had locked Amelia away because of some perceived slight and it had taken her this long to break free. Bal wanted the priests to make sure that the story got around to the whole army.

"Make sure they know that she did not abandon them by choice," Bal told them.

Their goal was to get everyone trained so they could hopefully go after Raizen soon, as Raizen was already training his army to do the same.

"The only thing that helps us is that this Temple is hidden. So we have the element of suprise. Raizen will not expect us to have already started to gather an army," Bal says.

They talked for a little while longer with Thad pulling a dark stone out of his pocket after they had stood up. On it was the light rune, engraved in white along with the rune for pair. Thad tossed
this to Bal.

"If we need to speak with you we'll signal you with that. It will shine a light red light until you tap it against the one we have. Likewise if you need to speak with us, just push your magyk into it and it will activate it."

Bal thanked them and told them to attend to their duties. They bowed slightly before exiting the room in search of the commander. Bal headed back to the High Priest's room where Amelia was waiting for him. When he entered Amelia was still reading her book.

"You know, I think she actually likes you. She won't come right out and say it, not yet anyway, but you've impressed her," Amelia says in an amused voice as she turns a page in the book.

Bal, who after talking to the priests, had to spend a moment thinking about what she meant.

"Oh, you mean Viridia?" Bal asks.

Bal walks over to the bed and sits down.

"Uh huh," Amelia says, "she does say some interesting things about you."

Bal frowns in concentration, "What do you mean?"

Amelia holds the book she was reading up so that Bal could read the writing on the cover. Bal's jaw dropped in astonishment.

"You're reading her diary?" he asked shocked.

Amelia laughed at his expression.

"What? I like to know people's secrets. What better way than reading someones diary? Oooh do you have a diary?" she asks Bal as she closes the book with a snap.

Bal laughs, "No, that's never been my thing. I think it's mainly girls who do that." Bal thought for a minute. "Do you have a diary?" he asked.

Amelia blushs and looks away.

"Maybe. You'll never find it though."

Bal grins, knowing he would have no choice now but to look for her diary. Amelia snaps her fingers again and the Diary disappears.

"We'd better get going if you're going to meet Viridia for dinner. I'll meet you back in the dorms when you've done."

She reachs for Bal but he stops her.

"You know you can eat with us right? Viridia likes you, and so do I. There's no reason you should hide away."

Amelia lowers her eyes, "Thank you for offering. Just give me a little time."

Bal nods and takes her hand, "Lets get back."

That night at dinner Bal noticed Lora sitting by herself at the Waves sygl table as he made his way over to Viridia who was currently cutting into a steak. Lora had seen him come in and had smiled shyly at him before looking back down at her food.

"That's someone else who needs a little time," Bal thinks to himself as he orders his normal breakfast for dinner.

Viridia had seen Lora notice Bal, so once Bal had started eating Viridia told him that she had offered again the invitation to eat with them but she had refused. Bal told Viridia it seemed like she was very shy and it would take her a bit to open up. Plus the fact that sitting at the blood sygl table would make her a target. Once he thought that he stopped with his forkful of eggs halfway to his mouth.

"The others haven't tried anything with you have they?" Bal asks.

Viridia shrugs, "Not really. They're just making snide comments so far, nothing physical. Some of the other Tempus students won't talk to me now," she says grinning, "I think it's funny they think I care. Some of the others though, even some from other sygls, have come up asking about you though."

Bal swallows his oatmeal before asking, "Asking about me? Why?"

Viridia looks at him like he's crazy.

"Bal, not only are you a High priest, you even have your originator as a familiar. You get to talk daily with her, whenever you want. Literally no one else has that kind of connection. The most we get is the once a year during the beginning of school. They want to know what it's like."

"Then why not come ask me?" Bal say exasperated.

Viridia laughs, "Because Amelia has clearly shown her favor of you and they don't want to piss her off. Besides if they took too much interest in you others might act the same way my fellow tempus students are. You'll just have to give them time."

Bal nods knowing it was true.

"I'm trying to get Amelia to start eating with us," Bal tells Viridia, "I think it would help her, plus others seeing her in here might hopefully take some of the mystery away from it. Oh and just so you don't get caught off guard. Amelia may or may not have read your diary earlier."

Viridia, who had been taking a drink when he said that started coughing.

"She did what?" she asked when she could breathe again.

Bal grins at the nervous look on Viridia's face and realises that Amelia had been telling the truth when she said Viridia liked him.

"Yeah, I was dealing with some priest stuff and when I went back to her she had your diary reading it."

"How do you know it was mine?" Viridia asks as color creeps into her cheeks.

"You are really cute when you blush," Bal tells her meaning every word, which only made her turn more pink, "but don't worry, I just saw your name on the front and she told me what it was. Your secrets are safe with her."

Viridia busies herself with eating avoiding Bal's eyes. Bal couldn't resist making one final comment.

"And Viridia?" Bal says waiting until she meets his eyes, "I like you too."

Viridia dropped her fork in shock.

"But you," she began, "but you said she just told you it was my diary," she cried embarrassed.

Bal reachs over and takes her hand, "Hey it's okay, that's honestly all she told me. I promise, and I'm glad she did or I might not have had the courage to tell you I like you."

Viridia wiped her eyes with her other hand, "That was still mean." she says.

Bal grinned.

"I'll find some way to make it up to you," he promised.

"You better," she mutters still holding his hand.

The next morning Bal was jarred awake by the sound of loud banging against his dorm wall that lead to the hallway. Amelia, who had crawled into bed with him last night was still curled up fast asleep. Hoping the loud noise wouldn't wake her he hurried to the door and opened it. In the hallway stood Viridia and Lora wearing their regular village clothes. Confused as to why they were staring at him in shocked silence Bal glanced down and realized he was still only wearing his boxers. He hurriedly motioned them inside while he went to his bedroom to fetch his clothes. Once he was dressed in his uniform he returned to the common room. Both girls still had pink in their checks as he apologized for answering the door like that. They all started talking at once, and Bal motioned for them to go ahead.

"I don't think anyone's allowed in other dorm rooms," Viridia said looking around, "It must get lonely in here with it just being you."

"Yeah, it is pretty big and it would be nice to have other people," Bal says catching Viridia's eye. She looks away quickly and Bal grins, "But what are you two up to?" he says motioning to their village clothes.

"Well the thing is all the teachers got pulled by the originators today. Apparently it happens sometimes, so when it does they give us a free day," Lora says tucking her brown hair behind her ear.

Bal could tell she was nervous and guessed that she was not normally part of a group.

"Viridia had asked me at breakfast this morning if I would like to go to the village with her and I said yes," Lora looks at Bal quickly as if to ask if that was okay. Bal smiles at her and she relaxes somewhat, "she then said we should drag you along."

Bal shrugs, "I don't mind going. Not as long as you two are with me."

He smiles at both of them.

"Let me go get changed."

Bal then returns to his room where Amelia was still sleeping. Bal quietly dresses then leaves Amelia a note letting her know where he was going. Was it kind of pointless since she could find him anywhere yes, but he wanted to show her he cared enough about her to let her know himself. Bal then returned to the waiting girls and they began their long walk to the village.

"Were either of you wanting to go to the Village for a specific reason or was it just to get out of the castle?" Bal asks as they pass other students also on their way to the village.

"I wanted to look at the shops honestly." Viridia admitted, "I brought some money in case I see anything I like."

"What about you?" Bal asks Lora.

Lora jerked a bit in suprise, possibly thinking Bal wouldn't bring her into the conversation.

"Oh, uhm well I'd like to look at the job and bounties boards. There is a faction I've been researching, it's more like a guild, that only takes you if you've completed so many requests. Not only is it a good way to make money but the guild apparently has spell books you won't find anywhere else. Some of them you even have to be a certain rank to see them."

Bal could see how excited she became talking about it and knew it was something she dearly wanted to do. Bal caught Viridia's eye.

"And do you have to do these requests on your own?" Bal asks Lora.

"No, you just have to register with the local Dawn faction as a team and they issue each member a wooden card with their Team's name. After every successful job or bounty we turn into the faction the number will increase on our cards."

Bal raises a questioning eyebrow at Viridia and she nods her head.

"Okay, we'll stop by there so you can join if you want."

Lora blinked for a moment.

"Oh, I'm not sure if I'm ready." she says quickly, "I need to study more."

Bal laughs, "It's fine. We'll stop by anyway."

The road leading to the village was a good five miles and it was near lunchtime before they reached it. The town was called New Spring and it had many shops and stalls that surrounded the town square. Most of the shops had signs hanging near their doors that showed the type of wares they offered. The ones that didn't had large glass windows people could see in. There were a few food vendors selling hot rolls with meat inside so Bal bought three and gave one each to Lora and Viridia. Lora protested that she could buy her own but Bal pointed out that he had already paid for it so why let it go to waste? Viridia had no such scruples and happily munched on her roll as they walked. One of the more interesting vendors was selling enchanted weapons. The seller was demonstrating how his longsword could burst into flames. He announced he had some that could shoot lightning as well. Bal was interested but the price was way out of his price range. Besides, Bal had an idea that he might be able to do it himself with his runes, it would just take some experimentation.

They walked along with Viridia stopping often to check out a piece of jewelry or some other thing. Viridia then asked them to wait as she went into a shop that sold items meant for familiars.

"Are you having fun?" Bal asked Lora.

"Yes I am," she replies sounding suprised, "You and Viridia are suprisingly easy to be around. If you couldn't tell I don't really do well with other people," she admits looking away.

"It's okay," Bal says trying to reassure her, "Not everyone does. I grew up in an orphanage so I'm used to meeting new people."

Lora looks sideways at him, "So it doesn't bother you I'm shy?"

Bal shakes his head firmly.

"Not at all. You are who you are and I accept that." Lora smiles. "You really are beautiful when you smile," Bal tells her.

Lora quickly turns away hiding her blushing face. Viridia, who had come out of the shop and heard the remark and seen Lora's face smirked at Bal.

"I just tell the truth," Bal says with a shrug. "What did you get?" he asks Viridia.

Viridia pulled a collar out of the bag she carried and showed it to them. The collar had a size adjustment rune stitched into the inside of it. The seller had told her it would shrink Hopper down to the size of a dog. If she wanted to reverse the change she just had to push her magyk into the

[Page 71]
collar. This way Hopper could come into the castle with her if she wanted. Bal admitted that was a thoughtful gift. They continued walking and Bal noticed a ring that would give the user the ability to manipulate the earth for a short period of time. The only draw back, according to the card by the ring, it had to be recharged after each use and it took a lot of magykal energy to do that. Still, as a suprise attack it would come in handy. Bal checked the price and bought it when the girls weren't looking, slipping the ring into his pants pocket. They then headed to the bookstore. The metal bell dinged as they opened the door and the stout woman behind the counter told them to let her know if they needed anything. Bal was debating on buying any books on military strategy, and books on past wars fought by the originators armies because of the extensive library that the school had but then he remembered his empty dorm library shelves and knew he had to get something. That room was going to waste with nothing on its shelves. Lora and Viridia stayed close talking quietly as Bal searched for the books he wanted. Finally after fifteen minutes he had chosen four books of each originator's battles and one quite large alchemy book. The alchemy book was for Lora, the others for himself. Bal hurried and paid for his books, slipping the alchemy book into his backpack before the girls could see and then went to join

[Page 72]
them. They were standing in front of one of the shelves that had advanced spellbooks and talking about Bal. Hearing his name Bal stopped before he could go into their aisle, curious what they were saying. "So you don't think anything is going on between Amelia and him?" Lora asks. "I don't know, but from the 'you can keep her' remark that she made when we ate together I don't think she's the jealous sort." "I guess," Bal hears pages turning, "Do you mind though?" Lora asks. It's a minute later before Viridia replies, "No, I don't mind. Growing up in my village, your life was pretty much planned out for you the day you are born. Even who you'd marry. Once I got my tempus sygl though, it was like I had finally been set free. It was rare for someone in my village to get a sygl so it had been decided that if anyone got one they would be allowed to leave no matter what. Joking around and playing with Bal, I can't describe how that makes me feel." "What about you though? He did call you beautiful." Lora snaps the book closed before putting it back on the shelf. "I was teased a lot growing up." Lora admits quietly. "My father and our weapons master consider me a protegy with a rapier. It's like it honestly is an extension of who I am when I wield it. Most girls want to play with dolls or play dress up but I loved my books and my rapier. We held tournaments in our town periodically, to show case our martial skills. Once I was old enough my father

[Page 73]
begged me to enter. Girls were not forbidden to join, more an oversight than anything, but that was only because no girl had ever tried to. None of the other boys or their fathers had ever seen me train. They had only heard second hand about my skill. That was partly the reason they mocked me. They could not believe that a woman, especially a girl of thirteen, could possibly be that good. War was a man's game they kept telling me." "So what happened?" Viridia asked. Bal could plainly hear the smile in Lora's voice when she answered, "I beat them. Every single one. After that the comments and petty things got worse, so I stayed home most of the time. By day I trained and by night I read. That's been my life for the last two years. So it's taking some getting used to, someone actually wanting to be around me." Thinking it was time to make himself known Bal retreats a ways and drops one of his books on purpose so that the girls would hear it. Lora sticks her head out of the aisle and smiles when she sees him picking up the book. Bal looks up and grins sheepishly, "Sorry if I suprised you." Lora shakes her head, "It's okay we were just talking. Did you get everything you needed?" Bal nods, "Yep, also I've got a suprise to show you when we get back to my dorm." Lora looks at the books in his hands wondering what the suprise is. Seeing the look Bal is glad he thought to put the alchemy

[Page 74]
book into his backpack. Viridia then emerged from the bookshelves. "Get everything you needed?" She asks eyeing the four large books in his hands. "Yep, but lets go ahead and head to the Dawn faction as soon as Lora buys her book. I'm getting hungry again," he says laughing. Once Lora and Viridia pass him, Bal puts his other books into his backpack. As they started towards the door Bal stops Lora, "Here, let me put the book in my backpack. Your collar too," he says to Viridia, "There's no use in both of you carrying those when I've got my bag." Viridia gladly hands over the collar but Lora hesitates. Viridia elbows Lora lightly, "Come on it makes him feel useful," she whispers conspiratorially. Lora laughs, the bright sound echoing in the bookstore, and hands over the book. As he takes it he looks Lora in the eye. "You don't have to be afraid of me. I promise I'm not like anyone else you've known." With that Bal pushed the door open and waited for them to go through before stepping through himself and letting the door close behind them. The Dawn Hall, as the large ornate sign that hung on the building said, was a three story wooden building with a large covered porch that would protect people from the rain. The inside had multiple tables where people were able to sit and talk and a large counter that took up the right side of the room. There were two women behind the counter dressed in what Bal guessed was their uniform.

[Page 75]
"Welcome to the Dawn Hall." the woman on the right said as they approached, "My name is Soren and this is Kim. What can we do for you today?" Lora steps forward, "Do you have any jobs posted?" she asks. Soren nods slowly. "We do. As I haven't seen you in here before I have to ask, are you a Dawn member?" Lora's face fell, "I thought you didn't have to be a member to take certain jobs, like going to collect herbs and stuff." "That's true but why would you not join first if that's what you wanted, I can assure you there are benefits to being a member." Soren says. Lora's head snaps up. "Everyone I've talked to has told me you have requirements to be able to join." "As an individual member that's true, we want to make sure that our members understand what they are getting into when they join our guild. For a team though it's different. All we require for a team is one job immediately after joining, then the usual one job or bounty a week. That's not including paying the guild dues every month, but we can hold that from your reward money if you wish." Lora's head dropped at the mention of a team. Bal again looked at Viridia who nodded firmly. "I'd like to enroll as a team," Bal says stepping to the counter. Lora started to speak but Viridia hushed her. Soren seeing this raises an eyebrow but then turns to Bal. "Very well, I take it these will be the members of your party?" she asks. Bal turns to Lora and Viridia where they were arguing quietly, Lora making exasperated sounds. Bal grins and turns back to Soren, "Yep they are."

[Page 76]
Soren shakes her head in amusement and grabs three of the wooden identification cards from below the counter. "What's the name you'd like to have for your team?" she asks. Bal turns and walks over to Viridia and Lora, "You want this Lora, it's okay. This way we can have your back on a mission. Joining the Dawn is something you've wanted. Why are you fighting this?" Bal asks. "Because I don't want both of you to have to join just because I can't get in on my own right now." She says. Viridia rolled her eyes, "That's what friends are for," she says holding up a finger to make Lora stop talking, "You are our friend right?" Lora nods but still looks scared, "Then we are doing this." Viridia then turns to Bal. "What did she say?" she asks. Bal looks at Lora, "It really is okay. I think it'll be fun, besides it'll give me an excuse to hang out with both of you more." Lora blushed and Bal turned to Viridia, "She needs a name for our team. I thought that was something we should decide on together." Viridia nods agreeing. "What do you think Lora?" Viridia says turning to her. Seeing that she would not get them to change their minds, she sighs and gives in. Lora thinks for a moment, "Honestly I like 'The Heirs' but that seems kinda boring. I had thought of it because we are all different sygls." Viridia nods, "It's not bad though. What about..." She pauses in thought, "Sygls Best" Viridia says. "I mean if we're going to do this we might as well aim for the top."

[Page 77]
Lora grins at that and nods, "I like it." Viridia turns to Bal, "What do you think?" "I think we've got our new team name," Bal says smiling at her. Bal reaches over and lightly squeezes Viridia's hand as he walked past her. "You did good." He says softly as he walked by. Bal approached the counter. "Have you decided?" Soren asks. Bal nods, "The consensus is 'Sygls Best.'" Soren nods and takes what looks to be a pencil from the counter and writes Sygls Best on each of the cards in an even flowing script. The words showed white as they were engraved on the wood. Bal glances back and sees the girls now sitting at one of the tables talking quietly to each other. "Uh Soren I've got a question," Bal asks turning back to her, "I'd like to invite someone else to the group as well but she isn't here right now. Could you do a card for her too?" Soren nods, "Of course. I'll just need her name. Once you give it to her just tell her to push her magyk into it. That will attune the card to her." Soren retrieved another card from beneath the counter and after putting the team name she turned the card over. "What is her name?" Soren asks. Bal froze for a second. He didn't want to just say Amelia because then Soren would probably guess that he was talking about his familiar, the Vampire Goddess, but he didn't know her last name. Praying Amelia wouldn't mind Bal tells Soren "Amelia Norheart." Soren raises an eyebrow

[Page 78]
because Norheart was his own last name but she said nothing. Once all of the cards were filled out, Bal put Amelia's in his pocket and returned to Lora and Viridia. Bal explained how to attune the cards with their magyk. Lora's face lit up when she saw her name on the back of her card, "I can't believe it," she said excitedly, "I've wanted this for so long." "Well if you want to keep it you'd better go pick us a job to do," Bal joked, "Remember Soren said we've got to take one the day we become official." "Right." Lora says hurrying to the counter. Soren pulls a stack of papers from underneath the counter and she and Lora begin to go through them trying to find a good first job. Bal sits down in the chair Lora had just gotten out of. "I like seeing her excited like this," Bal comments, "Must have been tough where she grew up." "It was," Viridia says not elaborating, "I'm glad we were able to do this. You know we're going to have to finish this quickly though. Even though it's a free day there is still a curfew." Bal nods watching Lora. "I know. I'll get both of you back in time. If we have to I'll walk you back and turn in the job myself." "Uh, you realize I said we have a curfew right? That includes you too," Viridia says laughing. Bal shakes his head and turns to Viridia grinning, "Actually I don't have a curfew. I'm the Lead Mage of the Blood sygl." "But how can you be?" Viridia starts then stops, "Of course. You're Lead Mage because you are literally the

[Page 79]
only mage." She says laughing again, "I wonder if anyone else has thought about that. I mean all the other Lead mages are fourth years and here you are the first Lead mage ever that's a first year. Our Lead mage is a jerk, he doesn't allow loud talking in the common room, no kissing, and he honestly tries to enforce a study time." Bal was stuck on the kissing part of her statement though, "No kissing? What's he do if you're caught?" "He gives you five demerits which automatically gives him the ability to make you do any chore he wants. Clean bathrooms, the stables, anything really." She says. Bal holds up his right hand and tells Viridia solemnly, "I promise you can kiss anytime you want in my dorm," he tells her. "As long as it's me," he adds with a smirk. Viridia looks at him with a mischevious look on her face, "What if I wanted to kiss Amelia instead?" she teased. Not expecting that, Bal's mouth dropped open. Lora bounded over to them excited, saving Bal from having to answer. Seeing Bal's open mouth Lora turns to Viridia but she just says later and then gestures to the paper. Lora then begins to explain the job, "Okay, so they know we attend the school so we do not actually have to do this today, but we will need to have this completed and turned in by the end of the weekend." "What's the job?" Bal asks. "There are some rare flowers about a days walk from here. The local alchemist needs 3 of them. The location is through

[Page 80]
some deep woods the alchemist, an older lady, doesn't feel well enough to go out and get herself. There is the possibility of wolves, bears and such but I assured Soren we could handle it. What do you think?" Lora asks nervously, "Is it okay?" Bal smiles, "You picked a good one. I'm glad we can help her out." Lora folds the paper and hands it to Bal. Suprised Bal takes it. Seeing his look Lora explains. "You're the leader. Without you I'd be own my own." Bal looks at Viridia who nods, "She's right. If it wasn't for you I wouldn't have thought about joining Dawn and I may not have met Lora," she says smiling at Lora, who shyly smiled back, "So I agree. You're the leader." Bal chuckles and puts the job paper in his packet. "If you say so. As Viridia has said though, we need to get back before curfew. Is there anything else either of you would like to do before we head back?" Lora and Viridia looked at each other then shook their heads. "I think we're good," Viridia says. With that they exited the Dawn Hall and began the long walk back to the school. Bal was quiet for most of the walk, preferring to listen to Lora and Viridia talk. Bal was glad that it seemed Lora had finally gotten comfortable with them. He hated the thought of people teasing her or making fun of her. She was really a bright cheerful person once she came out of her shell. Hearing her talk excitedly about the book she was currently reading, something

[Page 81]
to do with an ancient civilization, Bal couldn't help but notice how much he enjoyed looking at her like this. He resolved to make sure she stayed this way. Viridia on the other hand, even though Bal was sure she had no clue what Lora was talking about, was clearly interested and engaged in the conversation, she was not just being polite. So Bal was content to just listen to them as they made their way back to the school. It was almost two hours later before they got to The Blood sygl dorm door. Bal showed them how he had to open the door and let them follow him inside. There were now two couchs around the fire place with another coffee table as well. Amelia was reading a book that looked suspiciously like Viridia's Diary that she had the day before. Hearing the door Amelia looked over. Seeing Viridia a look of alarm passed over Amelias face and the book disappeared. Amelia jumped up and ran to give him a hug before stepping back and resuming her seat, "Well you all have been gone all day. Did you have fun?" Startled to see Amelia Viridia and Lora were still by the door. Viridia then drags Lora in to the room and introduces her. Amelia looks at Bal and raises a questioning eyebrow. Bal shrugs sheepishly. Amelia then laughs, "Well you know who I am. How are you liking being around Bal?" Amelia asks Lora. All of Lora's earlier energy had seemed to disappear upon meeting Amelia.

[Page 82]
Seeing this Bal sits down beside Amelia. "Look," he says looking at both Viridia and Lora. "I'm about to tell you something but its got to stay between us for now okay?" Viridia and Lora both look at him confused, but nods. Amelia tries to speak but he raises his hand and she settles back onto the couch. Bal takes Amelia's hand. "Amelia was betrayed by her family because they thought she did something she didn't do. That's why she had been locked away for close to three thousand years. Me bonding her as my familiar was a kind of loop hole that allowed her to escape. I have offered to release her from the bond but she doesn't want me to. Her life has not been easy, none of ours have been either. Her being an originator means that actually making friends that aren't there just because they want something isn't easy for her. Please, treat her like you would anyone else. Allow her to get to know you. I know this is something she wants but doesn't know how to ask. I'm right arent I?" Bal asks Amelia. Amelia had closed her eyes and a single blood tear had escaped. Bal wipes the tear away with his thumb. "She was alone for all those years. She needs friends. So do I." Bal says. Lora opens her mouth to speak then shuts it, clearly not sure how to express what she was feeling. Bal waited patiently for Lora to gather her thoughts. All she said when she could speak was, "I need friends too." Even this

[Page 83]
she said softly with her eyes lowered. Bal shrugs off his backpack and pulled out the books, keeping the alchemy book on bottom. "And you know what friends do?" Bal asks Lora. Lora shakes her head not knowing where he was going with the question. Bal grins and exclaims, "They give gifts?" With that he gives Lora the alchemy book he had bought her. "But when did you?" she says when she notices it was not the book she had bought. Lora quickly flips through the book, her eyes bright with unshed tears, then hugs the book to her chest. "Thank you," she says. Lora leans back on the couch watching him. Bal then reaches into his right pants pocket and tells Viridia to hold out her left hand and close her eyes. All Viridia heard before she felt Bal slip the ring on her middle finger was a soft, "oooh," from Lora. Viridia opened her eyes and just stared at her new ring. "I know it doesn't look like much," Bal said apologizing because it looked like a simple bright silver band, "but from what the card said it should be plenty powerful." Bal then explained about what the enchantment was and the recharging. Viridia smiled at him, "It's perfect. Thank you." Viridia sat back on the couch as well admiring her new ring in the firelight. Bal then turned to Amelia who actually looked nervous. "Amelia, I'm sorry I didn't buy you anything." he says. Bal almost missed the sad look that flashed across her face, "but I hope you like it anyway." Amelia looks confused. Bal then reaches into his other pocket and pulls out

[Page 84]
the Dawn Team member card he had made for her. She looks at him still confused when he hands it to her. "Turn it over," he says softly. Amelia turns the card over and freezes. It was like she had turned to actual stone. Amelia then closes her eyes and leans against him sobbing quietly, clutching the card against her chest. Bal folds his arms around her, "You belong here, with us." he whispers gently into her ear. Viridia and Lora are both staring at them, not knowing what he had given her but they did know it was something that meant a great deal. Bal held her as she sobbed rubbing her back. Soon she had stopped and leaned back. She then leans forward and softly kisses his lips. "You are a good man," she tells him as she settles herself beside him, scooting closer, "I'm sorry about your shirt." "My shirt?" Bal asks. Bal looks down and sees his shirt was stained with Amelia's bloody tears. It looked like he had gotten injured. Bal shrugged, "It was worth it." he says. They sat talking for awhile longer before the loud bell announcing curfew rang throughout the castle. Bal hugged Lora and Viridia, with both of them thanking him again for their gift, before watching them leave down the corridor. Once the door was closed Bal headed to the bedroom where Amelia was already waiting on the bed. "Come on," Amelia says patting the bed beside her, "It's time for bed." With a smile he strips down to his boxers and crawls in beside his Beautiful Vampire Goddess.

[Page 85]
The next morning Amelia told Bal that she would be gone all day but to let her know if he needed her. With a kiss on his lips she disappeared. Bal didn't get a chance to really talk to Lora or Viridia until Dinner as All of the teachers had made them do extra work for the day they missed. Even in crafting. No one even got to chat. So at dinner Lora joined Bal and Viridia at the Blood sygl table. It seemed the whole dining hall, even the teachers, watched as she sat at Bal's table. The tension was noticable but the three of them tried to ignore it. Thankfully the easy feeling of friendship still remained from the night before. As Lora buttered a roll she asked what Bal had given Amelia. Bal finished his drink and waited for it to refill before replying. "I gave her a Dawn Team member card with her name on it. I think what hit her so hard though was I had her name as Amelia Norheart." Lora paused in mid bite, then resumed. "Why do you think it hit her hard?" Lora asks swalling the roll. "Look what her family did to her." Viridia answers, "They betrayed her. She honestly had no one. Bal showed her that now she does have some one. I would have felt the same way." She twirls some spaghetti on her fork, "I'm happy to be friends with her, with all of you really." she says and takes a bite, "I just hope it stays this easy." "What do you mean?" Bal asks. Viridia shrugs, "just some rumors I heard this morning. Word is that They are going to enforce a rule that unless you are in class or off of school grounds you cant mingle with other sygls."

[Page 86]
Bal looks around at some of the other students and teachers looking at them. "Do you think they will?" Bal asks. Viridia nods, "Probably. They weren't happy when it was just me hanging with you. Now that we've got Lora too, and her being a Waves sygl?, yea it's a good possibility." "What could they do if you refused?" Bal wanted to know. Viridia winced. she had been hoping he wouldn't ask that. "It depends on if the rule comes as a school rule or just something all the Lead mages try to do. If it's a school rule they could expel us. If it's just the Lead mages then it's just demerits." Bal could tell from the looks they were getting from the teachers it was going to be probably a school rule. Bal took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Thre was honestly only one way for him to still be around them if the teachers decided to do something like that. "There is something we could do but I'd rather wait to tell you what it is until we need it." Viridia and Lora both agreed although he could tell they were curious about what he could do to circumvent a school rule. After dinner Bal, Lora, and Viridia went to the Blood common room. When Bal had gotten up that morning he had added an alchemy and herb room for Lora, so she began to try out some of the recipes from the book Bal had bought her while Bal and Viridia studied in the common room. Bal was currently reading the book about Raizen's wars while Viridia was doing her Runes homework. Once Viridia had

[Page 87]
she asked Bal why he was reading that. "Because they have started training again and they aren't going after Naisura." "You mean they're going to be going after Amelia's followers don't you." Bal nods still reading. Viridia was quiet after that. Normally Bal would have waited until after they had left to read the book. Raizen was Viridia's originator after all, but if Bal did end up having to offer to convert them, he wanted Viridia to understand what was going on. "None of the originators are happy that she is free. I'm taking Raizen's actions as It was decided he was the lowest in rank so it was up to him to deal with Amelia. They knew very well they were not going to be able to trap her like they did before. So this their only option unless they wanted to risk actually fighting her, which none of them clearly wanted to do. Later, after Amelia had returned and the others had left, Amelia asked why Viridia had been so quiet when they left. Bal then explained, telling her about the new rule that might be coming in to effect soon and what he had told Viridia about the war. "Honestly that rule sounds like something Kenmei would suggest. When the originators pulled the teachers they probably told them that Viridia was hanging out with you." Bal nods, "Yeah more than likely," Bal says. "I did tell Lora and Viridia I had a way to bypass the rule but I didn't tell them what it was. Hopefully it doesn't come to that yet. With Raizen already preparing for war, If I convert Viridia now he's gonna lose it." Amelia shrugs, not really caring

[Page 88]
how Raizen feels. "He's going to freak regardless when it happens." "Yeah but it's still early." Bal argues, "I hope I don't have to do it yet but I will. I honestly don't want to lose either of them." Amelia moves closer to him on the bed. "Just do what you have to do. We will deal with whatever happens. Together." Amelia lays her head on Bals chest and they both fell asleep. The weekend came fast with Lora growing more excited every day in anticipation of doing her first job as a member of The Dawn. Making sure they kept up on their homework throughout the week, Lora, Viridia and Bal prepared for their first outing. Saturday morning The Sygl's Best team set out to find the aurora felis flowers. Amelia had been nervous about joining them on the trip but after Lora and Viridia both assured her that they wanted her to come and that she was part of the team, she smiled and agreed. Bal had approached their warfare teacher yesterday about using some of the schools weapons on their trip and he had agreed. So Bal had taken his rapier with him while Viridia had her long spear. Lora, they found out, had her own rapier which was enchanted to never need sharpening. Her father had it made for her as a reward for doing so well in the tournament she had won. When Bal had asked Amelia if she'd like a weapon to take a long Amelia looked suprised. "I am my own weapon. Besides, I don't plan on fighting unless something really bad happens. Each of you need to feel

[Page 89]
comfortable defending yourselves." Bal nods seeing the sense in this. Bal insists on them stopping in town first so that they can let ms. summers know they are heading out. The Saegen Woods, where the flowers are located, was about twenty miles away. They would have to pass through one other town, called Whitehaven, then go through a mountain pass before reaching the woods. From the little Bal could research about the Saegen Woods there were some fairly strong creatures in there. As a ley line passed through the woods, it seemed some of the animals had been absorbing the magykal energy and were bigger and more aggressive than normal. Ms. summers had told Bal that she normally hired a team to escort her through the woods. Bal and the others arrived at Whitehaven around mid day and stopped by the food stalls to get lunch. "How much farther is the woods?" Viridia asked Bal while handing over money to the owner of the meat pies stall. Bal looks at the sky and then at his map. "At least four maybe five more hours," Bal says paying for his own food. Bal had offered to pay for everyones but they wouldn't let him. They then walked around town checking out the shops before setting back out. Once they reached the town limit Viridia put her hand on Hoppers collar, returning her familiar to it's full size. "I'm glad you thought to buy that collar," Bal remarked, "I'm not sure how the townspeople would have reacted to a large BloodWolf

[Page 90]
in town." Hopper seemed happy to be away from the castle. She was constantly ranging out away from them searching for danger. Lora had left her own Raven familiar back at the castle, as it was sick and she did not want to risk it getting hurt. They were a few miles from Whitehaven, about halfway to the mountain pass, when Hopper started growling. They were in front of some thick woods on the right where they had stopped momentarily to rest. Hopper had turned to the woods and crouched, her low growl rumbling deep in her chest, her hair sticking up slightly like bristles on the back of a porcupine. At the sound everyone grabbed their weapons and turned. Seven men, they all looked to be in their twenties or thirties besides one man who was quite a bit older with grey hair, silently stood at the forests edge watching them. In their hands were longswords, axes and two crossbows. Each man had on decent enough leather armor while the older man had on a steel mesh chain shirt that had seen better days. It was pitted in places and had dried blood on the metal rings. "Your weapons if you please," the older man said indicating that he wanted them to throw their weapons on the ground. Bal knew with them having two crossbows aimed there wasn't any point to trying to charge at them, so Bal quickly began thinking what he could do. As he looked down, pretending to think about throwing his rapier to them, the sun shining off of Viridia's

[Page 91]
silver ring caught his eye. Bal then remembered the enchantment that was on it and quietly whispered to Viridia, "Can you use the ring to shake the ground under them? that should give us a chance to get to them before they can fire those bows at us." Viridia nods slightly and began concentrating on activating the rings magyk. Bal hoped none of the men were a Terra sygl. As this area was technically a domain of Kenmei's it was possible, but since these were bandits there was no way for him to tell. Especially since all of the men held weapons so it wasn't like he could see if anyone had a sygl. At Bal's signal Viridia activated the ring and started shaking the ground under the group of bandits. Bal then dashed forward hoping to catch the older man off guard. Hopper went after one of the men holding a crossbow, the bolt bouncing harmlessly off the BloodWolfs side. The scream of pain as Hoppers powerful jaw came down on his arm unnerved everyone exept the leader who was now doing his best to kill Bal. As the rapier was not a hack and slash weapon, Bal had been training to constantly keep moving. Scoring small hits when he could and not allowing his opponents to get a big hit in. So Bal parried and stabbed while circling the large man. Viridia was currently fighting one of the younger men that held a great axe and he was swinging it wildly trying to catch either her weapon or her. She had adopted Bals strategy and had already stabbed the young

[Page 92]
man multiple times, which only made him angrier. He finally managed to catch Viridia's long spear tearing it out of her hands with the flat side of the axe but was then saved by Hopper jumping in and ripping out the man's throat with his sharp teeth. Viridia then grabbed her fallen spear and turned to see how many men remained. Lora had dispatched three men on her own and was now watching Bal's fight with the leader, It seemed Hopper had went after the men who held the crossbows first, so that left the Leader as the only remaining Bandit. Viridia could see Amelia standing near Lora, with her hands clasped in front of her with an anxious look on her face. Wiping the sweat from her eyes she stepped over to Amelia. It honestly looked like Amelia was honestly having to hold herself back from going over there and taking that guys head off. "You okay?" Viridia asked Lora who still had not taken her eyes from the fight. Lora nods distractedly. "I do not like this," Amelia says quietly. Viridia looks at her. "He is already hurt." Viridia turned back to the fight and saw what she meant. A long gash across Bals back and a slice on his left forearm were steadily leaving blood. Lora had offered to step in after he had stumbled, leaving himself open for the attack on his back where he barely twisted away, Lora's question distracted him and thats how the

[Page 93]
bandit leader had scored the hit on his arm. "Do Not interfere," Bal says through gritted teeth. The older man grinned his missing and dirty teeth showing, "Want to kill me yourself huh?" he asks lunging low hoping to catch Bal off guard, "Don't blame you. Not with those pretty girls watching. I'll have fun playing with them once I'm done with you." Bal steps back and wipes his eyes, looking at the girls, all of them with worried looks on their faces. Determined he then steps forward with his sword raised for a high jab and slash. The Leader parried and they traded blows for a minute before Bal quickly dropped to his knees and put the tip of his rapier all the way through the man's unprotected right knee. The man howled in agony as he fell, swinging his sword wildly. The leader tried to stand but couldn't, so he settled for swinging his sword in a circle keeping Bal at bay. Seeing the fight was effectively over he looks over to Hopper and asks if she would like to finish it. With what was surely a wolfish grin she darted over to the fallen man, his screams abruptly cut off once she went for his throat. Bal pulls his sweat soaked shirt over his head and wipes the blood from his arm, knowing he would need to sew the gaping hole in the back before he put it back on. Wiping his face with the shirt he heads over to the girls. Lora waits until he reaches them to push him on a fallen tree

[Page 94]
so that his wounds could be seen to. Bal sees Amelia standing off from the group looking at him. Bal motions for her to come sit beside him while Lora puts healing salve on his cuts and bandages them. "What's wrong," he asks Amelia once she was settled beside him. Amelia watched Lora a moment before replying. "I think that was the hardest thing I've ever done." she says, "I wanted to hurt that man for daring to hurt you." Bal takes her hand, "Thank you for not jumping in. You too Lora," he says. Lora looks up briefly from where she knelt before him then went back to her work. "I have to be able to protect myself. It was hard for me too knowing that any of you could have gotten hurt and I'm proud of you all for taking care of yourselves." Bal glances down to his arm, where the pain had ebbed away under Lora's touch and laughed, "I'd much rather I got hurt than any of you. Great job on not getting hurt," he says smiling at them. Hopper came down to sit beside them and Bal put his hand lightly on her head, "you did good." Once Bal was bandaged up they decided to check the bandits for any valuables before heading off. The only real thing of note was a heart ring that the leader wore on his right hand. A heart ring was always paired with another. Two people would each wear one. Each ring would vibrate in time to the other persons heart beat. If the

[Page 95]
ring stopped vibrating then they knew the other wearer was dead, or had taken their ring off. The rings themselves were fairly expensive and not something you would expect to see on a Bandit, the leader or not. They discussed this as they walked down the road trying to find a good place to camp, so that they could go through the pass and enter the woods by the light of the morning. About two miles down the road they found a trail leading into the woods. Amelia went to check it out and told them it looked as if it was a usual spot for travelers to stop as there was a buried firepit. Bal left his backpack with his bedroll by the firepit and went to collect firewood. Seeing where he was going Viridia joined him. They walked in silence a ways, with Viridia picking up branchs and putting them in Bal's outstretched arms, "I didn't expect we'd have to fight so soon," Viridia finally said. Bal agreed. Seeing that heart ring on the Bandit's hand kept bugging him and he didn't know why. "We knew it was a possibility though. Although I didn't expect bandits, I thought it was only going to be things in The Saegen Woods we had to worry about." The cut on Bal's armed seemed to burn at the thought of the earlier fight. "I can't believe I was the only one who got hurt." Bal chuckled, "Don't get me wrong I'm glad none of you were, I'm just suprised it wasn't worse." Viridia nods, "Lora's a mence with

[Page 96]
that rapier of hers. I thought I was doing okay, until Hopper had to save me anyway. Then I turn around to see how the others are doing and she had already taken care of three of them by herself." Viridia shakes her head in disbelief, "Then Amelia looked like she was going to have a heart attack watching you fight the big man. Can a Vampire have a heart attack? anyway, she clearly does not like the fact she can't protect you. Lora had it easier I think, I heard her muttering about the mistakes you were making," she laughs. During the fight everything had seemed so long, the dodging and wary strikes that Bal had done, but in reality the fight probably only lasted a few minutes. Bal was reasonably sure he could have handled one of the other men without too much of a problem but he was damned if he was going to let the girls take on the boss and risk them getting hurt. He'd much rather get hurt than see them in pain. They were just lucky that Hopper had went after the men with the crossbows first. That could have made things worse. They soon had Bal's arms full of branchs so they returned to camp. Someone had set out all the bedrolls around where the fire would be, with the exception of one of the bed rolls had another beside it. Bal guessed that was his and Amelia's. Dinner consisted of bread, jerky, and cheese they had bought in New Spring

[Page 97]
that morning. The talk around the fire was mainly about the fight and things they could do better in the future. Bal suggested he make them shirts with arrow repelling runes in them. He would have to charge each rune because each rune would only work once unless you had more runes. He would just have to buy the materials. Lora had pulled Bal up and was showing him some of the mistakes he had made while he was fighting. She was patient and answered all his questions, no matter how silly he thought they might be. Bal noticed how quiet Amelia was, he was sure the others did too, so he pulled her up and informed the others they were going for a walk. Bal kept hold of her hand as they made their way into the forest. At this time of night the only sounds were the insects and their own feet crushing the fallen autumn leaves. "What's on your mind?" Bal asks once they were a ways from the camp. Amelia didn't immediately respond. Bal waited patiently, just enjoying the quiet night. "I feel useless." she says finally, "I finally have people I consider friends and I can't help them. For the first time I can remember I was afraid someone would die. When he cut your back," she says closing her eyes briefly, "It took all the will power I had not to run over and rip that man in half." Bal nodded. "Amelia, sometimes we have to fight our own battles. I've never fought someone who really wanted to hurt me. Yet I would do it all again

[Page 98]
to protect any of you. I know that in the big scheme of things, there is little I can offer you besides my companionship. The things that can hurt the others can't hurt you. Yet you are just as important to me as they are. If your family came after you, think how that would make me feel. There would be absolutely nothing I could do to help you, and I don't like that, but I trust that you'll do everything in your power to stay safe. Our group means a lot to me. You mean a lot to me," Bal says stopping her and looking into her eyes, "I don't want you here because of what you can do for me, I want you here because I like you." besides, you can always jump in if you see one of us about to get killed, like if one of those crossbows had got us, you've just got to believe were do everything we can to stay alive." Hoping that she takes all this to heart, Bal leads them back to camp. The other girls had already crawled into their bedrolls by the time Bal and Amelia stepped back into the firelight. Amelia pushed her bed roll closer to Bal's while he added more wood to the fire. Before sliding into his own bed he walked to where Hopper was watching the forest. "You going to be our guard?" Bal asked. Hopper chuffed in response so Bal headed to bed, holding Amelia's hand as he fell asleep.

[Page 99]
they reached the pass leading to the woods around an hour after they broke camp the next morning. The High grey stone on both sides had showered gravel down below so they had to pick their way through, carefully avoiding any of sharp rocks that had been sheared off the rocks around them. The pass itself was not overly long, maybe a half mile or so, and it wasn't long before they came to the top of a hill with a worn path leading down into the woods below. Bal checked his map. "Well this is it." Bay says, "Where did ms. summers say the flower was at in there?" He asks. Lora pulls a piece of paper from her pocket that she had written the details they had gotten. Lora looked up and studied the forest. "There," she says pointing to the east, "do you see that river? She said its about five hundred feet into the woods on the bank of the river." Bal stood there debating on whether to just go around and cut straight in from the east or follow the river straignt to it. As they needed to refill their water supply anyway Bal chose to just follow the river in. As they made their descent down the hill Bal asked Lora about the flowers and what she thought ms. summers might be using them for, since Lora had the Alchemy book. The Aurora felis flowers were rare according to the book and were used in healing potions mostly. The blood red and yellow flowers only bloom every three years, so you've got to get them soon after. That was another

[Page 100]
reason she wanted to hurry and send someone to get the flowers instead of waiting until she was better. The flowers themselves needed to be prepared and used within seventy two hours or they started to lose their potency. Due to the rarity of the flowers, and other ingredients used, any potions made with them invariably were expensive. Ms. Summers had told Lora she would help her make two potions as partial payment for getting the flowers. As none of them needed the money for anything in particular, besides paying the guild dues, they agreed. Lora was excited to watch a master at work. She had already bought various plants and supplies to stock the alchemy room That Bal had put in for her. As they reached the river Bal could see brightly colored fish in the water, with the sun shining brightly off their scales. "I'm suprised they are the normal size," Viridia remarks looking at them as they started to follow the river into the woods, "I figured with the ley line they would be bigger." Amelia points off to the west, "It's that way, so the fish wouldn't have been affected. The way it normally works, with beasts, even with Vampires, you can gain some of another creatures magykal energy by consuming him. If a creature kept killing and eating his prey he could become quite large indeed. Fortunately there are no beasts here that can not be killed. The closest would be Hopper here, as she has a tough pelt." It wasn't long before they reached the spot with the Aurora felis flowers on the bank of the river

[Page 101]
among the tall grass were six of the red and yellow flowers which meant that Lora would be able to keep three for herself after they gave the other three to ms. summers. "Why didn't ms. summers just tell us to get all the flowers that are here?" Amelia asked. Lora was crouched down in front of the flowers carefully cutting the stems and placing the flowers into six seperate vials. "She said it's because the only has the ingredients to make three so there was no point in being greedy," Lora explained, sticking the cork stoppers into the last vial and standing up. "just the one potion will be worth what she would make in a month by selling other potions. I think the only reason she offered us two was because I am interested in Alchemy. Her eyes had lit up when I had started asking questions. She's lonely I think." Lora says. Bal turns around and lets Lora put the padded vials into his backpack. "I'm suprised she doesn't have an apprentice or something," Bal says as he lead the way back to the edge of the forest, still following the river, "an alchemist is important. If something happened to her the town would suffer." The forest had gotten quiet while they talked and Bal had been about to ask if the others had noticed when something large and furry slammed into Bal knocking him clear across the bank of the river and slamming him into a tree. He had hit his head when his head snapped back so he was unsteady as he struggled to his feet. Bal wasn't really hurt but the creature that had hit

[Page 102]
him was. From what Bal could tell, after he had gotten hit Amelia had went after the creature. Seeing that he wasn't doing any damage to her with it's claws it had tried to run but Amelia wasn't having it and had proceeded to quickly end its like by grabbing it around its massive neck and squeezing. Bal saw her, with her arms around the creature and a look of fury on her face. It looked like she wished she could kill it again. The creature turned out to be a massive bear, which Bal was able to see once Amelia helped him over the river. He was still woozy from the hit he had taken on the head and he was glad not to have to get wet by swimming across the river. The girls looked him over making sure that he wasn't hurt, then checked the vials that contained the flowers. Thankfully Lora had put them into the side pocket because he was sure that no amount of padding would have saved them if they had been between him and the tree. Amelia was still angry at the bear, as she sent glaring looks at the lifeless body. "Uh, Amelia," Bal says trying to get her attention. Amelia turned to Bal, "Yes?" The usual playful tone was absent from her voice and Bal figured it was because she was still thinking about the fight, "Uhm I know that the bear wasn't able to hurt you but he was able to hurt your clothes," he said. Amelia looked blankly at him not understanding what he meant, so he waved a hand at his chest. Amelia looked down and immediately

[Page 103]
turned away. the top of her right breast had been showing, the pale pink nipple showing above the rip. Lora and Viridia had seen it, Bal had noticed the looks, but neither of them had said anything which Bal found interesting. Amelia fixed her dress and walked past Bal heading out of the woods. Bal could see her red flaming cheeks as she passed by him. Bal couldn't help grinning. Bal and the girls followed Amelia, who walked silently ahead, and gave her time to get herself together. Once they reached the pass Bal left Lora and Viridia to walk beside Amelia. "Thanks for taking care of the bear," he says as they enter the pass, "I hate to think how that fight would have went if Lora and Viridia would have had to fight it." Amelia nods, "I honestly didn't even hear it. I was listening to Lora when you got hit. He must have been pretty old to have gotten that big." Bal bent down and picked some rocks up. "At least it couldn't hurt you. You looked pretty angry." he says lightly, tossing the rocks in the air and juggling them as he had learned to do when he was younger, "I think you'd have killed it again if you could." Amelia agreed, "You have no idea. Seeing you hit that tree, I just snapped. It had tried to run," she says smiling grimly, "but it didn't get far." Amelia watchs him juggle as they walk. "So you like to juggle huh?" Amelia asks. Bal sees her eyes flicker

[Page 104]
to the girls behind them and was sure she wasn't talking about the rocks. "Bal shrugs as he lets the stones fall to the ground. "It's not something I planned on doing and if the ones being juggled had a problem I hope they would tell me." Bal couldn't see but Lora and Viridia had gotten close enough to hear his talk with Amelia. Bal went on, "I would also hope that each one knows that they mean a lot to me and I do not feel more strongly for one over the other." Lora and Viridia exchanged glances and dropped back so as not to let Bal know they had overheard. Amelia was clearly thinking about what he had said so they passed a few more miles in silence. Lora and Viridia were talking quietly behind them with Hopper trotting happily by their side. The walk back to New Spring was uneventful, as they had decided to walk straight back, instead of camping for the night as they had done the night before, they arrived shortly after nightfall at the Dawn Hall to turn in the flowers. As there was always a possibility for a Dawn member to come at night, The Dawn Hall was staffed around the clock so that people could get help at any time. Thankfully it was Soren behind the counter when they arrived, as she had been the one to help them the first time. Lora handed the three vials over to Soren after retrieving them from Bal's pack. Once Soren started to count out their reward money

[Page 105]
Lora informed her of the change of the reward. Soren thanked her and made a few notes in the ledger on her desk before counting out the correct amount, minus what she held back to pay the guild dues. As they would have missed Dinner in the castle they buy steaming bowls of stew at one of the restaurants in town befor returning to the castle. The castle was quiet when they returned, it being after curfew, so Lora and Viridia both gave Amelia and Bal hugs before returning to their dorms. As Bal did not have to worry about the curfew, he walked slowly with Amelia back to his dorm.
Over the next six weeks Bal and the girls continued to take jobs, mainly to have a reason to get away from the school than anything, especially as the atmosphere in the school had grown more hostile. They were mutters about Bal staying with his own kind. Their classes had been going well, with their Warfare teacher congratulating Bal on his rapid proficiency with his rapier. Lora was the main one training him though as she wanted him to be able to protect himself better. The only other thing of note was in their crafting class where Bal had been experimenting enchanting his work by carving or engraving runes into the items he made. He was able to create a weak version of the flaming sword, although his was a flaming dagger. Even so he had felt like he accomplished something important.

[Page 106]
The war on the other hand was a different matter. Thad had signalled him multiple times to come talk about the war. Raizen's strategy it seemed was to release a statement from his High Priest in his Territory that he and the other originators had locked Amelia Away because she had started to go crazy and had attacked them. Thus they had no choice but to lock her away. He then told them that as he was the one who suggested the idea, now that she was free, his followers were in danger. Now the Army, who were already going to follow orders, were afraid of having a crazy Vampire after them so they would fight harder. The villagers, who had already been against those bearing the blood sygl began beating and killing the ones that would not leave their village. Thad clearly had wanted some instructions on what they could do to help stop what was going on. Bal knew that Amelia could not get involved, so instead he had went to the commander of the army. The commander was a short stocky man with a long grey beard and intelligent grey eyes. he carried himself with great authority. "There's not much we can do," fern tells him, "It's in Raizen's territory. We could send the army in but it would be pointless." he says bluntly. Bal stood there looking down at the map on the table before them. Bal began drumming his fingers on the dark wood.


[Page 107]
"The problem is, even if we could evacuate them, we don't have anywhere to put them," Bal says. Fern nods. The death toll was only growing daily. "Could we do the same to them?" Fern asks thinking, "see how they respond to it." Bal shakes his head firmly, "We will not respond in kind." Bal knew that people were going to die, it took him awhile to accept this but he did, yet that did not mean he was going to just stand by. "Do we know where any of their priests are?" Bal asks, Fern nods, "Raizen only has three regular priests and one High priest. The High Priest hardly ever leaves his palace in Pashar while the others tend to travel but the regular priests get together once a month at an inn in londra." Bal looked suprised, "How did you find that out?" he asked. Fern shrugs, "Spies of course. We've got a team with no sygls that pose as manual labors, they are able to go into towns without raising any suspicions." The spies had found out that the priests meet once a month to share news and gossip. Bal then asks if they are still in Raizen's territory and Fern shakes his head, "They have only been back a few days though. They wanted more instructions on what to do. They hate seeing what's happening over there." After looking at the map and checking the distance between Pashar and Londra, he tells the commander to get the men to find out how often the priests meet with the High priest. If they could take

[Page 108]
out his priests then it would be easier to deal with the High priest. "Do we know if the High Priest has any special inheritance gift?" Fern asks Bal to wait a moment, then walks to his desk and starts thumbing through a stack of papers he picked up. Finding the one he wanted he returns to Bal, leaving the other papers behind. "The High Priest's name is Toma, he is fifty-six, with no known family but several concubines he keeps in his palace. He is considered a moderately powerful mage with no inheritance gift." Bal shakes his head as he looks down at the map which showed the placement of all the troops that Amelia had found. "Aren's territory bordered Raizen's but Amelia had assured him that Aren wouldn't step in. Bal couldn't figure out why Raizen would make some one a High Priest without them having an inheritance gift. Granted he didn't have one either that he knew of, but his case was different. From the books that Bal had been reading he knew that Raizen would not have a direct confrontation if at all possible. He would send his troops out in squads to attack then retreat, and doing this continuously. That's partly how Waisura beat him in the last war. Waisura's army marched straight on him, not giving them time to retreat or regroup. Bal had asked Amelia how they would know if they won the war, besides trying to just kill their whole Army. Amelia had explained that once war was formally declared neither originator could create another High Priest. Once the

[Page 109]
originators high priests were dead then the war was technically considered over, but the victor could then keep killing the other's army if they wanted, it did not matter at that point. Once the War was finished, the victor could demand something from the losing originator. Bal had asked Amelia if she knew what she would demand if they won. Amelia had looked at him and smiled slowly, "oh yes. and as they are bound to give me what I ask, so long as it does not physically harm them, I know exactly what I shall demand." Bal had tried to find out more but all she would tell him was that if he wanted to find out then he'd have to win. So now, after giving the commander his instructions, he was in his dorm room making notes on ideas for things he could do about Raizen's high priest. The girls were also sitting comfortably on the plush couchs doing their rune homework while he was writing. "It's going to happen tomorrow." Amelia says. Bal looks up from his paper. Amelia had been silent for awhile just staring into the fire, so when she spoke it had startled him slightly. "What's going to happen tomorrow?" Bal asks putting down his pencil. "That school rule thing you were talking about awhile back." Lora and Viridia both looked up when they heard that, "I heard Mr. Porter talking quite excitedly to Mr. Winter about it earlier. Apparently when the originators pulled them this

[Page 110]
morning he told them how neither Lora or Viridia were spending any time with their own sygl anymore plus the fact that Viridia has a blood wolf familiar. That was what did it I think. Raizen would not have wanted someone with his rarest inheritance gift to have something that had a clear connection to me. The others left the decision of what to do to Raizen, as Kenmei did not care one way or the other." Bal looked to Lora to see how she took that but she did not seem to care, Amelia then went on, "So Raizen asked Mr. Porter if he had any suggestions and he suggested that they ban all students from socializing with other students except while in class or off of school grounds. He also said they should make you release Hopper," Amelia tells Viridia, "Can they do that?" Viridia asks incredulously. Amelia nods, "As long as your originator does not care, then yes they can do that. Raizen gave him permission, so that will be something they will talk to you about tomorrow." Bal remembered hearing the rumors but had hoped that it would just stay a rumor. Lora and Viridia both looked stricken by this news, that they would get expelled unless they stopped coming around Bal. The weeks they have spent together had deepened their bond to each other and no one wanted to lose each other. Bal closed the History book he had been using for ideas and sat it on the coffee table before turning to Lora and Viridia. Bal was not sure how Viridia was going to react to what he was going to suggest but

[Page 111]
every single member of Lora's family was a Waves sygl, and had been for as long as she could remember. Sygls were already rare in Viridia's village so hopefully it would not be as bad. "There is a way to circumvent the rule." Bal says, "But it is not something to take lightly." Hearing the uncertainty in Bals voice Lora and Viridia grew concerned. "What is it?" Lora asks. Bal looks at Amelia but she was still looking at the fire, letting him handle it on his own. Bal thought she was trying to distance herself from the pain if they refused. "Bal takes a deep breath then explains. "They would be able to enforce the rule because we all belong to different sygls, but you could become a blood sygl." Lora and Viridia both look at each other then back to Bal. "What exactly do you mean?" Viridia asks, "How would something like that be possible?" "As a High Priest of the Blood sygl, I've got the ability to essentially convert someone. Changing their sygl to the blood, but only if they choose to. This isn't something that many people know." Bal says. "Would I lose my inheritance?" Viridia asks. Bal shakes his head, "No you wouldn't. Actually it's possible to gain another inheritance gift." Both girls looked like they were considering his words, so he went on "Look, you need to think carefully about this. There is no way to reverse this. Plus, you have to think about your families as well. You know how a lot of people with the blood sygl

[Page 112]
are treated. This is not something to do lightly. I care about all of you and I would absolutely hate to lose you, but I don't want you to be unhappy." Viridia twists the ring on her finger in thought. "Would anything change?" she asks Bal. "Bal shrugs, "It's a bit different for every mage from what Amelia has told me. You know our sygl mainly gives us access to other magyks that our normal magyk doesn't. It's easier for me to control blood, even to use it as a weapon. You might lose some of your storm magyk, but I honestly doubt it. Not with your inheritance. Lora will lose access to her waves magyk though." Lora waves that off, "I've hardly had a reason to call on that side of my magyk, so it isn't that important. Are you sure the teachers can not retaliate if we do this?" Bal nods, "Yeah. I mean what else could they do? You won't be in their sygl anymore. And as for if any of the Lead Mages try anything, I've got an in with the Blood Lead Mage" Bal says with a grin. Viridia rolls her eyes and Lora laughs. "I'm not sure how my father will feel," Lora says, "but I know he loves me. My family will stay by me. I'll do it." She says looking at Bal with a determined look on her face. "Yeah, I'll do it too, I can't have them trying to take Hopper from me." Viridia says. Everyone else just stared at her, "Hey I thought it was apparent I didn't want them to take you from me either. Especially miss book smart here," she says elbowing Lora lightly. Bal was glad to see Lora smiling

[Page 113]
at Viridia's teasing. Lora had come a long way from the shy girl he had met in Warfare class. "Okay, so last chance, is this something both of you want to do?" Lora and Viridia both nod. Bal then sees Amelia smiling slightly. "Okay then, lets do it." Bal then tells them to come sit on the coffee table in front of him while he goes to his bedroom to get his dagger. When he returned he sees Lora and Viridia sitting side by side. He then tells them to hold out their left hand with the palm up. Bal was nervous, as he had never done this before, but followed the instructions Amelia had given him. The only thing he did differently was cutting and converting them at the same time. Bal cut his left palm deeply and watched the blood start to pool in his hand, then passed the dagger to the girls so they could do the same. They followed his lead, with Lora laying the knife aside after she had cut herself. Bal then manipulated his blood into two thin streams and sent it over to the girls waiting palms. his blood forced theirs back in so that only a clear white palm was visible, with his blood going into the holes. Bal pushed his blood deeper until he felt it reach their magykal center. With a grunt he overwhelmed the blood with his own and the cuts on the girls palms abruptly closed cutting off his blood. Lora and Viridia watched in amazement as their now white palms began to show the blood sygl. A few

[Page 114]
minutes later their sygl was just as dark as Bal's. Amelia had been watching the proceedings with a hopeful look on her face. Once the girls wounds had closed Amelia had smiled and closed her eyes, "I can feel you now." she says. Bal pulls them both into a hug kissing them, "Thank you," he says, "I don't know what I would have done if I had lost you." Lora and Viridia then squeeze onto the couch with Bal and Amelia. Amelia then does something Bal didn't expect. Amelia stands up then turns to Lora and Viridia. "I'm now making you priests," she says, "This will give you more authority over my followers and it will be good for Bal to have two priests he can trust completely. Bal, I'm going to call a meeting of the originator's and officially declare war on Raizen. That will help limit some of the things he may try to do, as well as promoting another High Priest. I need to do this now before news of this gets out in the morning." With that she gathers them all in a hug, then disappears once she steps back. Now that they are alone Bal looks at them. "You know, I've only got one bedroom." he says, not mentioning he could easily create another one. Lora and Viridia look at each other and grin before turning back to Bal. "Then lets go to bed." They say together.

[Page 115]
The next morning Lora and Viridia dressed in their new blood sygl clothes and walked beside Bal to the Dining Hall. They were nearly last to arrive so when Bal pushed the doors open to allow Lora and Viridia to walk in, everyone turned to look at them. Some of the Tempus students, who had the table beside Bal's, noticed Viridia's uniform as they passed. "Viridia," The Lead mage called when the girl that noticed the uniform elbowed him, "What's the meaning of this?" Viridia looked over at him as she took her normal seat across from Bal, "What's the meaning of what Sean?" she asked writing her breakfast order on her paper. "Mr. Porter, having heard The Tempus Lead Mage's question looked over. "Is there a problem Mr. Kiin?" he asks from the teacher's table. Sean stands up and marchs over to where Viridia sat and attempted to pull her from her seat. Bal, seeing him coming, knocks him back from her with a whip of blood that sprung from the palm of his right hand, "I'd go sit back down if I were you Sean." Bal tells him calmly, "She's not your concern anymore." "Not my concern? Who are you to tell me she's not my concern you filthy blood mage. She's a Tempus and she'll not be wearing anything to do with your sygl. I'm her Lead mage and I'm telling her she needs to get back where she belongs." Mr. Porter had stepped away from the teachers table once he heard Sean's raised voice. "He's right Mr. Norheart. The originators

[Page 116]
have instituted a new school rule." he says with a nasty smile, "No sygl may socialize with another sygl unless they are in class or off of the school grounds. As neither of those apply to you at present ms. Vizer I'm afraid you are going to have to sit with your sygl. That includes you ms. Aegis." When the girls did not move Sean again tried to yank Viridia from her seat. In the blink of an eye Bal used his blood whip to grab Seans wrist and he pulled him across the table, scattering the plates on the table. "What part of she is no longer your concern did you not understand?" Bal asks quietly, staring at the young mans eyes as he tried to free himself from the stream of blood that had grabbed him. "Now look here Mr. Norheart," Mr. Porter says visibly angry now. He is her Lead Mage. You have no right to interfere. Release him at once." Bal whips the blood behind him and sends Sean flying to him own table where he slid knocking plates to the floor. "What you don't understand," Bal says standing, noticing that Lora and Viridia stand with him, "Is that I am their Lead Mage now. Not that fool." Confused talking now erupts around them. "That's impossible," Mr. Porter says. Bal looks back to Lora and Viridia, "girls?" he says. One by one they show their palms to the assembled students. "I assure you," Bal says, "It is very possible. Now, are you going to punish Sean for interfering with another sygls member Mr. Porter?" Mr. Porter, still

[Page 117]
stunned, couldn't answer. "Of course not. Why would you punish one from your own sygl." Bal turns to the other students. "I know you've heard a lot of bad things about blood mages," Bal says, "but I'm going to set the story straight here and now. Being a blood mage does not make you more crazy than any other sygl. That's just a lie others like Mr. Porter here have spread to keep people hating us. Lady Amelia did not abandon her followers, she was betrayed by her own family and locked away because they thought she had done something that she didn't. That was it. Instead of getting to the bottom of it, each originator sacrificed the lives of their High Priests to Trap her. That's the kind of originators you have. You mean nothing to them. At least Lady Amelia is here, we can talk to her. Where is Raizen, or even Terra? You see them once a year and beg them to notice you. Yet you wonder why anyone would want to change sygls," he tells Mr. Porter. "The originators won't stand for this," Mr. Porter spat at Bal. Bal shrugs, "Maybe, maybe not. We'll see. What I do know is as of this morning Lady Amelia has officially declared war on Raizen." Several of the Tempus students paled at that news. Even Mr. Porter seemed shaken. Bal laughs, "Did you honestly think she would let what they did to her go?" he asks, "You've got no idea the trouble that's heading your way." "If anyone else is tired of feeling as if they don't belong or if they

[Page 118]
don't want to be a pawn in someone elses game, then the Blood sygl will welcome you with open arms." Bal then steps over to Sean who had pulled himself off the table. "As you know the only ones allowed to duel on school grounds are the Lead Mages." He tells Sean making sure he can't look away, "If you bother either one of my girls again, I'll call you out and I will kill you." It occured to him as he said that, that Amelia was rubbing off on him. Oh well. Sean swallowed hard and nodded before looking away. Bal motions for the girls to follow him and they went back to their dorm room. Once they had left the dining hall Lora and Viridia had talked and laughed while Bal was lost in his thoughts. Bal had never had much of a temper as a kid but when Sean had tried to manhandle Viridia Bal had wanted to kill him. Literally. It would not have taken much to send a blood dart into his eye, killing him instantly. That surge of anger had suprised him. Maybe he'd talk to Amelia about it later. Bal was supposed to meet Xavier tonight to go over some strategies for taking out Raizen's priests. Amelia was waiting for them in the common room once they returned. She was also in high spirits as she had enjoyed seeing the originator's faces once she had declared war on Raizen. Raizen had tried to act like he didn't know it was coming but Amelia knew better. "He had just been hoping to find all of my priests before declaring war on me," she

[Page 119]
said laughing. "She turned to Lora and Viridia, "I've got two more besides you," she tells them, "If you come with us tonight you'll meet them." Amelia then motions for them to sit down. Once they are settled Amelia asks Bal if he's had anymore ideas about how to deal with Raizen's priests. "Yeah but some of it depends on what information they have for me tonight. With tomorrow being the first day of our two week break, hopefully we can get some stuff done". Amelia nods, "How did this morning go? I didn't expect you guys back until tonight." Lora and Viridia then started telling Amelia how Bal had used a blood whip to stop Sean and how he had basically invited anyone that wanted to leave their sygls to come to us. There were some interested looks but they weren't sure if anyone would take Bal up on his offer. Amelia was impressed with Bal's use of the Blood whip, as he had only been practising using it for a few days. The blood whip was a common weapon of a blood mage but it still took concentration and willpower to use it effectively. Bal planned to help Lora and Viridia learn how to use it soon. Amelia and Bal then started discussing the war while explaining to Lora and Viridia some of the things that Raizen was doing. "It's honestly a good thing hardly anyone in your village gets a sygl," Bal tells Viridia, "He should leave your village alone. Do you have any idea where Londra is?" Viridia closes her eyes briefly in thought then shakes her head, "It's not ringing any bells. Why?" Bal then tells her that it's where Raizen's three priests

[Page 120]
meet once a month. "Do we know when the next time is?" Lora asks. Bal shakes his head, "I don't know. That's one of the things I'm hoping we can find out tonight. Now that the war has officially started no one else can be made a priest or a High Priest. Once each priest and High Priest of an originator is dead then the war is over." Lora and Viridia look to Amelia, "you mean the war hinges on us staying alive? Not the army but us?" Lora says. Amelia nods. Lora sighs and slouchs back on the couch. "Talk about no pressure". Amelia can see that that news was kind of overwhelming, "Hey, we don't have the meeting until tonight. Why don't we do something fun until then?" she asks. Bal admired her for trying to cheer Lora and Viridia up, "What did you have in mind?" Bal asks. Amelia's smile falters, "Oh uh," she says, "I thought you might have an idea or something." Bal laughs and slings an arm over her shoulder pulling her close. "Hmm," Bal says thinking, "Why don't we go for a swim?" he asks his girls. They all look at each other and agree it sounds like a good idea. Lora and Viridia head to the bedroom to get their towels and to change into their swimming clothes. "Can you teleport us to that lake we found last week?" Bal asks. Amelia nods and smiles, "I can do that." A short while later Amelia teleported them to the lake, where they had had to kill a massive water snake the week before. Now that it was snake free it was the perfect swimming spot. Bal swam with the girls for awhile before getting out and laying beside Hopper

[Page 121]
who had not wanted to swim. Bal enjoyed looking at the Beautiful girls as they played and laughed in the water. It had taken awhile for the girls to treat Amelia as any other girl but now they shoved and giggled as if she was human. Amelia's smile as she enjoyed playing made his heart hurt. The fact that she had finally felt comfortable enough to be herself was a sight to see. Bal had ended up dozing off under the hot sun listening to the girls voices. A while later Bal woke to the soft snores of Lora beside him. Opening his eyes he sees Lora's sleeping face inches from his. Bal kisses her lightly on her forehead, which makes her smile briefly in sleep, before sitting up to see where the others were. Amelia had curled up on his other side and Viridia was stretched out above him, her right hand reaching to where his head had been. Seeing this Bal chuckles softly and stands stretching. The sun had moved significantly so he guessed he had slept for a few hours. Feeling a little hungry Bal decided to see if he could find the strawberry patch he had seen when they had last been here. Bal motioned for Hopper to stay with the girls and headed into the woods still buckling on his rapier. The woods were not overly thick but there were still spots he could not see the sun. The birds flying overhead continued their songs as he walked beneath them slowly. The brambles caught on his pants as he moved through the thick weeds towards where he thought he saw a flash of red. Bal knelt down and began to pick the ripe juicy strawberries. The sound of a snapping

[Page 122]
branch behind him saved Bal's life. Bal turned and on seeing someone behind him rolled to his right through the thorns of the briars trying to pull his rapier from his belt. Too scattered to attempt to use his blood magyk Bal obeyed left and finally managed to pull out his rapier. His attacker did not look much older than him. He had on what looked like woodsmen clothing, better to hide in the woods. His blue eyes were sharp under his short brown hair. He twirled his sword in his right hand. "Almost had you there," he says conversationally as he quickly darts forward slashing to the right then up. Bal let his sword slide upon the rapiers blade and twisted, trying to disarm him. The young man pulled back before he could complete the move, and laughed, "You'll have to do better than that. I don't know how you managed to kill Heath with that shoddy sword work." They traded a few more blows with Bal's attacker scoring a long slice down his left side that started to ooze blood. "Oh, that's got to hurt," the young man said grinning, "Why don't I see if I can even it up for you?" They then began to trade blows in earnest with Bal scoring two cuts on the man while he had over extended on a strike. The young man stopped grinning. "I was told to just kill you but I think I'll have some fun with those pretty girls of yours after. They are nearby are they not," he said mockingly. At the mention of him going after the girls his blood ran cold. "You were told by who?"

[Page 123]
Bal asks, trying to hide the rage from his voice. "Why, my High Priest of course," the young man said suprised, as if Bal should have known this, "He had sent Heath to kill you but he was past his prime. Now it's my turn." The young man again darted forward then feinted to the right slashing at Bal's legs. Bal felt the blade connect with his flesh but all he did was step backwards a step and used his left hand to punch him in the face as hard as he could. Completely taken off guard Bal was able to kick the sword from his hand and hit him again. The young man tried to dive for his weapon but Bal kicked him in the side sending him into the tree behind him. Now having sufficent concentration, Bal uses his blood whip and sends it flying around the fallen man's neck. dragging him slowly forward Bal lifts him from the ground. "Tell me, what is your name?" Bal asks as the man clawed at the blood around his neck, but the blood was as hard as steel. "It's Iro," he says, "It's Iro." "How many of you did he send," Bal asks, "and how did you know we were here?" Iro had finally stopped struggling but had a frightened look on his face, "Just me and Heath I swear. The High priest told us we were a long shot so it didn't matter if we really found you. Then one of the priests came to us the next day and told us we would be sent to where you are. They sent Heath first because he had more experience. After you killed him, they

[Page 124]
decided to wait and catch you off guard. They only told me an hour ago that I was going to come here. I don't know how they knew. I swear that's all I know." Bal looked at Iro, seeing the sweat running down his face and knew he was telling the truth. "Okay then." With a thought Bal closed the loop on the whip and Iro's now headless body slumped to the Ground. "No one threatens my girls," he says to the corpse. As his shirt was already shredded from various cuts that Iro had given him, he removed it and used it to gather the rest of the strawberries and made his way back to where the girls were. They were already awake and talking by the time He made it through the woods. Lora had turned once she heard him and started to wave then stopped, a worried look on her face. She jumped up, and ran to him, her long brown hair flying behind her. "What happened!" she yelled checking his wounds. "Would you believe I fell on my rapier?" he asks sheepishly as Viridia and Amelia stopped by Lora. Viridia takes the bundled up shirt with the strawberries and puts it on the ground so that they could look him over. He had one large cut on his side, multiple smaller cuts on his chest and stomach, one cut that went from right shoulder to left hip on his back, and a deep cut on his right thigh. The thigh would hurt the most as the sword had cut some muscle. Amelia pushed him on the ground so that Lora could

[Page 125]
start to bandage his cuts, saving the healing potion for his thigh would. Amelia looked to the woods with a dangerous look on her face, "It's no use. He's already dead" he tells her. Amelia demands an explanation so Bal tells them how he had wanted to suprise them with strawberries and had almost lost his head. After running through the story Bal says, "I just don't get how they knew we were here. heck we didn't even know we were going to come here." Amelia just looks at Bal for a minute then she disappears. They looked at each other for a minute then shrugged. It wasn't the first time she'd teleported suddenly like that. Hopefully this time she would be going to see what was going on. Once Bal was bandaged up and Lora had used all of the healing salve, Bal opened his shirt and separated the strawberries, leaving a pile for Amelia. They sat there talking for awhile waiting on Amelia to return. About forty minutes later Amelia returned and sat down to eat her strawberries looking extremley pleased with herself. Bal waited a minute then asked if she had found out anything. "Yep." Amelia says before popping one of the juicy strawberries into her mouth. "And?" Bal says motioning for her to go on. Amelia then laughs so hard bloody tears fall from her eyes, "I wish you could have seen it," she says, and explains. Amelia had first teleported to Raizen's domain, because she was sure that he had something to do with it. Not finding him she teleports to their usual meeting place. The other originators had pulled the teachers again today and Mr. Porter had been explaining

[Page 126]
about Bal converting Lora and Viridia. Raizen was clearly pissed. When Amelia showed up they started to argue with her that her High Priests stealing their followers was the reason they had locked her away the first time. Amelia then told them she had nothing to do with the first time but she's given Bal her full permission to do whatever he thinks is right. Amelia then walked up to Raizen who was visibly fuming and told him that if he didn't want to follow the rules everyone has agreed to in regard to their wars she would gladly take him on right then in front of the others, all he had to do was say the word. The other originator's didn't know what she was talking about but from the look on Raizen's face he did. Aren asked Amelia to explain. Once she did, Aren turned to Raizen, and asked if it was true. When he didn't deny it he turned back to Amelia and told her she could have one concession from them. Amelia told them she wanted the new school rule lifted. Naisura and Raizen opened their mouths to argue but Aren raised a hand silencing them. He then asked if Bal planned on converting anymore followers. Amelia told them if he does it will only be ones he cares about, not the mass converting campaign the previous High Priest had done. Aren thought for a moment then agreed. Mr. Porter stepped forward to object when Aren snapped his fingers sending the teacher back to the school. He then told Raizen he needs to keep his

[Page 127]
teachers in check. As Amelia turned to go Aren then told her good luck. "I think hearing him wish me good luck suprised me more than anything," Amelia says after she finished her story. "Would you really go after Raizen?" Viridia asks. Amelia nods firmly, "Yes I would and the others know I will so they will keep Raizen in line." "So was Raizen telling them were I was?" Bal asks. "Yep, then he was teleporting them near. The rules state once the war has been declared the originators can not help their followers. Thankfully we have a loophole, as I am also Bal's familiar, so I can help on certain things without breaking the rules. I'm sure the others don't realize this though." Once all of the strawberries had been eaten, Amelia popped back to the dorm to fetch Bal some new clothes, which he changed into before Amelia teleported them to her Temple.
The temple was abuzz when they arrived, with a large portion of the soldiers getting ready to head to the edge of Raizen's territory. It would take them a few days of hard marching to arrive with few stops in between. Commander Fern had put a younger man named eric in charge of the battalion. Commander Fern hoped to draw Raizen's troops into a fight to distract them, so that some of the blood sygl's could be evacuated from the border towns. It was decided that if they would be willing to join the army or help out around the camp then they would offer them refuge. After

[Page 128]
Bal introduced Lora and Viridia to the priests, we went off to find the armies weapons master to see how their training was going and Viridia disappeared outside with Hopper following behind her. Amelia had decided to stay in the bedroom, to make sure it did not seem as if she were helping them. Bal's meeting with Xavier and Thad was the top priority for the night. "So, tell me what we've got." Bal said once they were all settled at the table. The two young priests looked tired, the dark circles under their eyes clear evidence of how hard they had been working. "We've got a war is what we've got." Thad says. "Raizen's sent out large scouting parties and two of them found us. Thankfully we were able to kill them before they could return but it's been a stressful week. We've posted trained blood mages, a full cohort, on the cliffs surrounding us, just in case they get any smart ideas. Casualties were high after both attacks," Thad says reading from a paper in front of him. "We can hold out here for a little while but the stark reality is, they have more people, more equipment, and are better trained. Our boys wont embarass themselves but they just don't have the experience that Raizen's men does." Thad shrugs, "We're doing what we can but we can't hold out forever." Bal picked up the papers and began to read. The reports on the two fights showed they had lost roughly two to three men for every one they were able to kill of Raizen's. They were right. The blood sygl army

[Page 129]
did not have the men to keep fighting head to head. "So what do you suggest we do?" Bal asks them. "We must try to send in a force to eliminate the priests, then take out the High Priest. That is our only chance." Xavier says. "Our spies have learned that Aleric, one of the regular priests, has begun his journey to Londra and they are to meet in a weeks time at the Three Boar's Inn." Bal pulls the map to him, "How long would it take a team to get there?" he asks studying the distance between the town and their current position. "Xavier points out a path on the map, tracing the line with his finger, "If they follow this, and ride hard, they should be able to get there in four or five days." Bal sat thinking over Xavier's words. He could possibly send out their team of spies to try and kill them, but if they failed they would lose a valuable source of information in the enemies camp. On the other hand it would significantly hurt Raizen if they succeded. Bal sat mulling over the problem, trying to find another solution to the problem than the one he had in his mind. With a sigh he gave in. It was the only practical choice, and something he could almost guarantee Raizen's high priest would not expect. "If someone went there with a blood sygl, what are the chances they would escape notice?" Bal asks. Thad thoughtfully scratches the brown stubble on his chin, evidence he had had no time to shave. "Well they aren't checking everybody's palms that I've heard," he says, "Most of the violence has been against people that were already known to have the Blood sygl. As you might know, the

[Page 130]
chance of you finding someone with a Blood sygl, even before this, in his territory was rare. Further in, he corrects himself, "The border towns in most territorys have a higher probability to have different sygls. So the closer you get to Londra, even Pashar, the less people will be looking for it. The problem is whoever you send would be strangers." Bal thought about Viridia's Inheritance gift. "With the attitude most people have against Blood sygls there now, being in the company of an actual Tempus would help offset any suspicions right?" Xavier nods, "I don't see why it wouldn't. What did you have in mind?" Bal then explained his plan. Viridia still had her Inheritance, and as it was a visible mark of Raizen's they shouldn't be questioned too closely. Viridia had never been to Londra but that shouldn't be too much of a problem if they stay low. Thad and Xavier were understandably not enthused about their High Priest putting himself in harm's way but after telling them there was no way he would send Viridia out unless he was with her they gave in. Thad and Xavier began to compile all of the information they had on Londra and Pashar while Bal went to fetch Lora and Viridia. Making their way back Lora was talking excitedly about sparring with Marcus, their weapons master. Apparently he had made Lora work for her win, which she admitted could have easily been a defeat but she got lucky on a feint. Viridia had just been walking and talking among the soldiers. At

[Page 131]
first they were wary of her, as she clearly has a Tempus gift, but after showing them her sygl and with Hopper there they began to open up. Everyone she talked to seemed to understand that they would probably die. Yet, they were okay with it. They were just thankful to their Lady Amelia for showing them they were not alone. Some of the men had never left their village, except for the two year mandatory war training they did, so they were excited in spite the danger of serious injury. Bal listened to them both commenting occasionaly but for the most part let them talk. Thad and Xavier both bowed slightly to them once they returned and they motioned for them to sit around the table. Xavier then began to inform them of all they knew of Londra. Londra was a medium sized city almost in a direct line below Pashar. The spies had speculated this was also a reason the priests picked the spot, as it was central to each of their stations. The Three boars Inn was located in the northwest of the city, which normally catered to the upper class. When the priests arrive in the city, they reserve the back half of the inn to handle their business. The Inn gets a delivery of ale every other wednesday, which falls on the day the priests should arrive, so that might be something you can use. The Innkeeper might be open to a bribe but they were not able to determine one way or the other. The Guard presence in Londra is about average for a city of that size, with

[Page 132]
increased patrols during the priests visit. Xavier then puts the paper he had been reading from down and asks if they had any questions. Bal looks at Lora and Viridia. They both shake their heads. Bal then begins to outline his plan for taking out the priests. Since they should not look too closely at the companions of a person who so clearly looks like a Tempus mage, Viridia's striking blue hair and eyes mark her as having Raizen's favor in their eyes, Bal and Lora will pose as her servants. Viridia will be playing the part of a young noble lady returning to Pashar after the turmoil from the war has made it dangerous for her. As Lora has been around nobility she will help coach Viridia as they travel. Bal will be the lowly manservant taking care of the horses and helping protect them. He had done his best to stress the fact this would be a very dangerous misson and if they did not want to risk it he understood. Lora had pulled the map to her and was studying the known troop positions and the route they would have to take into Londra. Having grown up with a father that had been in the military she understood how dangerous going in to the heart of enemy territory would be. "It's probably our best shot," she concedes after studying the map. "Even if we tried to send another team they might be discovered as blood mages, unless you sent Viridia along like you are planning on doing with us." Lora glances at home sideways when he didn't say anything, "Yeah I didn't think you would," she says seeing

[Page 133]
his expression. "That leaves us doing it ourselves. Amelia can't come as the others would see it as interfering, so she'll have to stay behind." Viridia leans back and stretches her long tan arms over her head, "You know Amelia's not going to like this." she comments "If we get captured there would be nothing she could do. Well, nothing she should do." Viridia corrects herself, "When it comes to Bal I feel like she'd fight all of the originators at the same time." Bal laughs, "I don't think she'd mind. She is just waiting on them to give her a reason. You're right though, she's not going to be happy but I think she'll understand. This is the best chance we have at finishing the war quickly. If we don't catch them at the Inn we will have to spend time hunting them down. That's time we don't have." Bal stood up, "see if you can get some noble lady's clothes that will fit Viridia then some appropriate clothing for Lora and I. After that inform commander Fern of our plans and make sure suitable horses will be ready for us by noon tomorrow. We will leave then." With that he shook each of the priests hands, then went to tell Amelia he was about to put himself within Raizen's reach. The girls were making comments about how they thought Amelia would react. Amelia's first reaction was a blank stare then a flat No. Lora and Viridia both giggled at Bals face. Bal tried to explain to Amelia that he had to do this but she was not having it. "Then get someone else to do it," she agreed,

[Page 134]
"The plan will suceed just as well regardless of whether you are there or not." Bal sighed in exasperation, "Would you want me to send Lora and Viridia with someone else? Because you know I won't do that." Amelia's eyes flicked to where the girls sat on the bed watching them argue, with Amelia pacing back and forth in front of the bed. "No I don't expect you to do that," she admits regretfully, "but you are my High Priest. If they kill you then there goes the war. Even now they are hunting for you." "Which is another reason I must be the one to do this. They will not expece me to be any where near his territory, much less head near the heart of it. Tell her Lora, isn't it a good plan." Bal hoped that by getting help he would be able to convice Amelia. "As much as you might hate to admit it he's right," Lora says, "Something like this just isn't done. Us having Viridia there though means we should be able to get to Londra without too much trouble. The hardest part will be getting out once we kill the priests, unless we get extremely lucky and manage to kill them without a huge fight. All in all though this is our best shot." Amelia knew that she wouldn't stop them from going, she too could see the advantages to his plans, yet she was afraid not just for him but for Lora and Viridia too. Bal could see that they had finally managed to convince her, so he stepped up behind her and wrapped his arms behind her. "If they kill you I'm going after Raizen," Amelia

[Page 135]
warns Bal, "Damn their war. I will kill him." Bal just chuckles. "That's my Warrior Goddess. Come on, lets go home and enjoy the rest of the time we have before we have to leave." Bal holds out an arm and Lora and Viridia hug Amelia who then teleports them back to the Blood sygl dorm where they played and laughed trying to forget what tomorrow would bring. The following day Amelia bid them goodbye as they started off down the road on their horses. Bal lightly held his reins as he listened to Lora instructing Viridia on how a noble woman speaks and acts. Every one else is beneath you Lora says, thats most nobles feel. Bal checked the sun and knew they would have to start racing the horses soon to get there on time but was trying to give Lora more time to help Viridia. The goodbyes with Amelia this morning had touched his heart and he felt he was starting to fall in love with the Vampire Goddess. Then there was Lora and Viridia, Bal glanced over at them. His feelings for them grew every day as well. He was constantly amazed at his good fortune at having found not one but three beautiful women who wanted to be with him. He just hoped he could keep them safe. This plan was dangerous and he had no illusions that everything would go off perfectly. He just had not seen any other way. Besides, he was not about to trust his girls safety to anyone else. The plan was to avoid all of the towns until they reached Londra, as the border towns were where most of the conflict was happening

[Page 136]
so they would be relying on the provisions that commander Fern had ordered packed to see them through until they reached the main city. Feeling that Lora had had enough time, Bal told them to up the pace, with Bal kicking his horse up to a gallop. They continued on this pace, occasionally slowing the horses to a walk to let them rest, then speeding back up. It wasn't until the second day out that they met anyone else on the road. Up ahead coming towards them were two people on horses with two more walking. Once they got closer Bal could see two young children, a boy on one horse and a girl on the other, with what Bal guessed were their parents walking beside them. The parents had stiffened once they noticed Viridia's hair but had obligingly stopped when Bal hailed them. Bal could see Blood sygls on the children's hands as they swatted at the flies around them. Bal guessed they had gotten run out of their village for being blood mages. Bal asked if they had any news as to the conditions up ahead and the father spat on the ground. "More of the same as every where else," he says eyes darting to Viridia. "We's got run out of town a few days. Just trying to make it to Kysmer. Thats the closest safe place for a blood mage in these parts." The man then pulled on his sons horses reins and started them walking again. Bal shook his head as he watched them go but knew there was nothing he could do to help. It continued like this for the next two days,

[Page 137]
them coming across people fleeing the violence, searching for peace in the other territories. Normally when one originator fought another regular people were not pulled into the conflict. What Raizen had done was affecting more people than Bal had realized. Some of the people he had seen had been bandaged from being attacked. They finally reached Londra on the fifth day. Londra was surrounded by a high stone wall with a stone gate set in the middle. There was a gate guard stationed on either side and they were waving people inside. As they approached Lora and Bal both fell back and let Viridia take the lead. Bal assumed what he hoped was a sufficently servant look. The guard on the left stopped them as they approached. The guard was a big man, more around the middle than his arms, but he held a heavy truncheon in his hand and he looked as if he knew how to use it. "What's your business in Londra?" he stated in a nasaly voice. Viridia looked haughtily at him, "I'm on my way to my family in Pashar. We will be resting a few days before heading on. I am to meet my father in Pashar this coming up week and I would like to buy him and my mother a gift while I am here." The other guard had been looking at Viridia's hair with a kind of awe. He stepped over to Viridia's horse and inspected her eyes. As happened when she was nervous her hair began to crackle move with the electricity she could command. "I've never seen that gift," the young guard says, "It's really rare." Viridia throws her head back. "Of course it is. Now, may

[Page 138]
we pass? I am tired and would like to rest. After passing filthy blood mages on the roads I'll be glad to be among my own people." "Of course," the guard with the black truncheon says waving them on. Viridia started forward then suddenly stopped as if a thought had occured to her. "Could you give me directions to the Three Boars Inn? I normally stay at the Winespring Inn when I am here but I heard that the Three Boars Inn has exceptional wine. I should like to try it while I am here." she asks the older guard. "Of course," he says quickly eager to help, "head to North street, then take the third street on the right and you'll see their sign hanging from the building." Viridia thanks the guard and slaps the reins on the horse urging it forward. Bal and Lora were silent as they followed Viridia. Threading their way through people, more than a few of which Bal caught looking at Viridia's hair. Bal moved his horse over to Lora's and whispered, "Exactly how rare is Viridia's gift?" Lora had noticed the looks as well, "I'm not sure. It's not something she really talks about. From what I've read her power are a lesser version of Raizens. How much lesser I don't know. The only time I've seen her use it was the time she shot lightning from her hand into the lake with the large water snake. That poor snake never stood a chance. The fact she's still got her lightning, as well as her new blood magyk, she's one scary lady." Soon they stopped in front of the stables attached to the Winespring Inn. Bal looked at

[Page 139]
Lora, but Lora just shrugged. The Inn's stable boy rushed over from where he had been standing. "M'Lady," he says once Viridia had dismounted, "We are happy to see you. I hope your travels have been pleasant. We were told to expect you. Your rooms are ready and has been paid for." he says leading their horses over to the stalls where they would stay until the mission was over. Viridia was clearly suprised but managed to cover it up quickly. "Good," she says, "Take good care of my horses and you'll have a good tip when we leave." The boy assured him that he would and urged her to head inside out of the heat. The mention of someone expecting them worried Bal. No one should have known they were coming, yet it was too late to try and change the plan. Too many people had already seen Viridia. If they tried to leave now there would be questions asked Bal didn't have answers to. The inside of the Inn was cool as the shuttered windows were thrown open allowing the slight breeze to make its way through the spacious common room. There were multiple tables in the room but maybe only six or seven patrons among them talking and drinking. The Innkeeper, a plump woman with a welcoming smile hurried from behind the counter, wiping her hands on the apron tied around her ample waist. "Welcome to the Winespring Inn my lady. We received your letter just this morning and have your rooms ready. I was also instructed to give you this letter when you arrived," she said pulling a plain white envelope from

[Page 140]
the pocket on her apron. "Your room has a servants room attached," she says showing them to their rooms after introducing herself as Mrs. Locklan. Viridia stopped her once they reached the landing second floor. "Ms. Locklan, The letter you received this morning, how were you told to recognize me?" she asked. Ms. Locklan smiled brightly, "Why, by the sparking hair of course. Normally I would have thought someone was playing a bad joke on me, but the letter came with payment for the room and meals." Ms. Locklan chuckles, "I still can't wait to tell my husband I've got a high born lady with Raizen's favor staying in my Inn. Anyways," she says, stepping away, "If you should need anything do not hesitate to ask." Ms. Locklan then turned and made her way back downstairs. Once Bal had put their bags into the servants room that connected to Viridia's rooms, he returned to find Viridia opening the letter. Bal waited to see what the letter said. Viridia read the letter, the worried look disappearing from her face as she burst out laughing. She then hands the letter to Lora who grins before tossing it to Bal. He recognizes the handwriting immediately. "My loves, Do not think I was joking about going after Raizen if something should happen to you. Surely you would not want me to have the death of a fellow originator on my hands. Be safe and come home to me." Amelia had signed

[Page 141]
the letter with only the Letter A, Bal shook his head before shredding the paper into tiny fine pieces. "We should have known she'd do something like this," Bal says, "That girl loves having the last word." Lora and Viridia both agree. "Why did you ask the guards about the Three Boars Inn?" Lora asked Viridia now that they were alone. Viridia began undressing, with Lora's help as she answered. "I wanted to see if there would be any word about the priests. They will be here in two days so I thought they might warn people off from staying there." Bal nods as he admires Viridia's nude body as she slips into clean clothes. She catchs him looking and smiles but shakes her head and says "later." Once the was fully dressed she ran her fingers through her hair, the electricity flicking across the strands. reminded of his earlier thoughts Bal says, "I'm not sure now if I've made the right decision bringing you both along." Viridia frowns, "Why do you say that?" "I honestly didn't realize how big of a deal your gift was," Bal admits, "You use your power so rarely I hardly ever think of it." Viridia nods, "yeah that's probably something we should have thought about but I honestly didn't realize it either. I knew it was rare but I guess I never knew how rare. With the way people were looking at me, I'm definitely going to be noticed wherever we go." Lora looked thoughtful though, "You know, it might not be as bad as we think. Yeah they'll notice you, but

[Page 142]
with them looking at you they won't be looking at us." Bal thought about it and had to agree. From what he had seen most people didn't see them while they were making their way to the Inn, they had only been looking at Viridia. Viridia then shrugged and said it was too late to worry about it now. They needed to work on a plan to deal with the priests once they arrived. With that in mind Bal left them to go out on the town and gather what information he could. Heeding the tip that The Three boars Inn received a new cask of ale every wednesday he went in search of the local brewers. After asking a couple of people in the street he was directed to a large building to the east that had an attached warehouse on the water. There were only two ships currently at the dock, neither of them near the brewers building. Bal knocked on the front door of the building before letting himself in. A muscular man in his forties with his sleeves rolled up to his elbows came out of his office. He had thinning brown hair and sharp intelligent eyes. Seeing his manservant garb he thinks Bal could be here to place an order, "Hello, my names James, what can I do for you today?" Bal looks around the office and sees that James is a neat tidy man. "My lady has heard that our revered priests will be in town soon. We will be leaving soon but she thought to buy them some spirits. Hearing they always stay at the Three Boars, and since you supply them, she hoped

[Page 143]
you might know what they would like." James studied him for a moment before motioning him to follow him into his office. Once they were both seated, James behind his large desk and Bal in front of it in a hard back chair, James admits he might know. "They normally stay two days," he says, "They get roaring drunk the first day then handle their business the second before heading home." Bal nods as if he expected this. "Do you have an idea of a suitable gift for our priests?" Bal asks. James smiles, "It depends on how much coin you have, and how much your lady would like to impress them." Bal then smiles as well, "I'm sure my Lady wishes to impress them most highly. Money is no object." James laughs a loud belly laugh that seemed to echo in the confines of his office. "Okay then," he says "follow me." Bal followed James as he lead him out of his office to his warehouse. The warehouse, James explained was nearly full as he had just gotten a shipment from Cartesia a few days before. James opened the door and motioned Bal inside of the cool warehouse. Large casks of ale were stacked side by side with dates burned into the lids. When Bal asked what the dates were for James told him it was when that particular ale was brewed. The longer the ale had been sitting the better the flavor. James lead the way towards the back of the warehouse. He stored the smaller casks of brandy and sherry in the far right corner. The small casks lined up
[Page 144]
neatly against the wall. The maple wood casks were small enough for Bal to wrap his arms around. According to James the priests preferred the cheaper brandy, as they were not paid much. Yet they still spent quite a bit getting drunk. James pointed out the older vintages. "I've had these for a few years. I bought them from a trader vessel that had come through. They are by far my most potent brandy." James said. Bal smiles, "The most expensive too I'll wager." James smiles back and shrugs, "of course. If you would like the best, it is not cheap." Bal looked at the casks thinking. Buying one would surely allow them to get close enough to the priests. They would just have to figure out what to do once they were there. Bal and James then haggled over the price, with Bal willingly paying more to keep the man happy. Bal made arrangements to have it delivered to the Winespring Inn so that they could present the brandy themselves to the priests. With that business done Bal returned to the Inn. Lora and Viridia had stayed in their rooms after ordering lunch sent up. Viridia handed Bal a bowl of stew with a loaf of steaming bread after he had sat down on the one chair in the room. "How did it go?" Lora asks Bal while he ate. The stew had plenty of meat and vegetables with thick broth, so Bal savored every bite. "Pretty good. Bought us some brandy." Lora raised an eyebrow "you could have bought brandy here."

[Page 145]
she said. "Not from the Ventish region I couldn't. It's a good thing Amelia paid for our lodgings, that cask put a heavy dent in our coinpurse. It was worth it though. Using it we should be able to get an audience with them. I just don't know what to do when we get there." Lora shrugs, "at least that's one part figured out. We could always just use our blood darts to kill them," she says, but Bal shakes his head. "We want to get out of there alive remember. Killing them like that would mean fighting our way out of the city. I know you're good with that rapier but Viridia and I arent." They all sat thinking for a bit. Bal finished his bowl of stew then left to return it to ms. locklan. When he returned he found Lora digging in her alchemy chest. Bal asked her what she was looking for when she began putting vials on the floor around her. "I'm looking to see if I've got all of the ingredients for the night stalker poison," she says, "I remember seeing it in that alchemy book you bought me but didn't pay much attention to it, as I couldn't think of when I'd want to poison someone, but this is perfect. The poison stays dormant for 24 hours, then you become lethargic and it becomes hard to breathe. Your heart ends up stopping about six hours later. They should all be on their way home by then and we will be safely on our way as well." Bal smiled and pulled Lora up and kissed her. "You're amazing," he tells her when he releases her. "Do you think you

[Page 146]
have everything you need?" Bal asks. Lora kneels back down and frowns reading the labels, "I've got everything except some asphodel leaves and ginger root, it looks like, but I can get those here in town. They are used in quite a few common potions so it won't arouse any suspicions when I ask for them. It'll take me about twenty hours to brew it so I need to head out and get the ingredients I'll need." Lora repacked all of her vials before hugging Bal and Viridia promising them she would hurry. It ended up being three hours before she returned. Bal had started to get worried but Viridia kept assuring him everything was fine. It might have worked if Viridia had not looked worried herself. Lora opened the door by using her back as her arms were full of wrapped packages. Bal rushed to her, taking the pile and laying them carefully on the bed. Lora thanked Bal then poured herself some water from the pitcher on the table and gulped it down, "Sorry I'm late," she apologized, "The alchemist wanted help brewing a night sight potion and I got roped into it. He had apparently taken over the shop after his father passed. I think he's had less training than I have. At least I've had Mrs. Summers to help me, that guys got no one. He's been getting by by using his father's notes but he's got no background knowledge. He didn't even know what the herbs he had in his shop were used for," she said shaking her head. "Once we were done he gave me a bunch of free herbs, so I wanted to replenish some of the ones I had run out of. As you can tell, you

[Page 147]
never know what you'll need. I did get the Asphodel leaves and the ginger root we needed too." Viridia and Bal just look at each other shaking their heads. They should have known. Whether it was sword play, reading, or alchemy. Once she became involved she seemed to lose herself in her work. Lora then began to unwrap the packages, putting the ingredients into their proper containers before storing them in her chest. Bal and Viridia offered to help but Lora waved them off telling them they should get out and enjoy the city while they were here. Until she had things well under way, Lora would not be able to leave her cauldron. They finally gave in when Lora asked them exasperatedly, "Do either of you know anything about alchemy? No you don't. You'll just be in my way here." she then shooed them out of the room telling them to have fun. Viridia and Bal both looked at each other and laughed once Lora shut the door on them. "Well my lady, what should we do now?" Bal asks assuming his manservant demeanor as they headed downstairs. Viridia waited until they were outside to answer. "let's head to the Three Boars to check it out." While they walked Bal asked Viridia what she wanted to do once she finished school. "Assuming the war goes in our favor you mean?" she replies then shrugs, "If I'm being honest I'm not sure. All I had ever wanted to do was get out of my village. Now that I'm out, I'm not sure what I should do. Do you think Amelia is going to challenge the other originators?" Now it was Bal's turn to shrug, "If she

[Page 148]
makes a big enough statement fighting Raizen she probably won't have to. If we can win she can demand basically anything from Raizen, and with the way she smiled when we talked about it, I'm sure she has something good in mind." Having missed part of the conversation about the night stalker poison, Bal asks Viridia, "I take it that we're going to try and slip the poison in their drinks?" Viridia nods as she moves around a couple who had stopped in front of a shop selling jewelry. Bal noticed Viridia's eyes flick over to the displayed rings and necklaces as they passed. "Yeah that's the plan. Lora assured me that the poison was tasteless, according to her book, so we wouldn't have to worry about that." "Why don't we just poison the whole cask?" Bal asks. Viridia agrees, "Yeah that would probably work better. Less risk getting caught trying to slip something in." People were still staring at Viridia as they passed but it seemed that word had spread so they were getting used to her. The Three Boars was quite large, a massive three storied stone building with a neat stable attached to it. As they got closer Bal could smell roasting meat that seemed to come from the open windows on the side, which Bal assumed lead to the kitchens. It had white shutters on it's windows and a long brick chimney attached to both sides, one to the Kitchen the other to the common room. There were ten windows on both the second and third floors, which

[Page 149]
Bal then told Viridia. "That's a lot of rooms," she says as they stood on the opposite side of the street looking at the Inn. "The Inn in my village had only six, and that wasn't counting the room the Innkeeper and his wife slept in." The front doors of the Inn were thrown wide open and they could hear laughter coming from inside. There were two stable boys in rough clothing lounging around watching the crowds of people as they passed. One of them noticed Viridia and elbowed his companion sharply in the ribs and pointed. Viridia gave them a slight wave before leading the way back to the Inn. "It's funny," Viridia says watching the people around them as they walked, "looking at these people here, you could almost believe that they were not at war. On the whole they seem happier than I would have thought." Bal grunted, "Yeah, that's because they feel safe behind their castle walls. I'd bet most of these people have never seen much less met a blood mage. All they hear is their priests saying how crazy we are. That if our originator had gotten so crazy she attacked them, it was only a matter of time before we went crazy as well." Bal eyed a pair of guards that looked to be doing their rounds, heading up the road leading to The Three boars Inn. "You've got to think though, the other territories are probably the same way." They walked along in silence for a bit, threading their way through the mass of people in the streets. Vendors were hawking their

[Page 150]
wares closer to the center of the city and many people were heading there to check them out. Bal and Viridia stopped by a food stall and bought two sweet rolls. They both stood there eating them lost in thought. Bal had asked Viridia what she had planned after they finished school, not only to find out her plans but to hopefully give him some idea as to his own future prospects. He knew he wouldn't be leaving his girls but other than that he had no idea. His whole life had been derailed once he had enrolled in the school, now once this war was decided, he would either be dead or he would have to figure out what to do with his life. As Bal had told Viridia, he did not think that Amelia was going to go after the other originators. He believed that she would make a big enough statement, whether she won or lost, because he fully believed she would kill Raizen if he and the girls died. It was a poor consolation to him, but at least they would leave her alone after that. Viridia pulled him from his thoughts by jumping behind him and rushing away. Bal shoved the rest of his roll in his mouth and hurried after her. Once Viridia had turned on to a side street Bal stopped her. Bal peeked out of the alley he pulled her into to see if anyone was following them. Seeing no one he turned to Viridia who was leaning against the wall. "Sorry, but we had to run. That was one of the priests."

[Page 151]
I recognized him from the description Thad gave us, he's got a long scar going through his right eye. He didn't have on his azure robes but it was him." she said. Bal cursed under his breath, "I thought they weren't supposed to be here yet," Bal says, "Why's he early?" Viridia shrugs then pulls Bal a long so that they could head back to their rooms. "I don't know but we'd better stay out of sight until the potion is done. I'd rather not chance a fight in the middle of town, especially with Lora not with us." Bal agrees and they both hurry back to the Winespring Inn. Once they were safely back inside of their room, Viridia explained why they had come rushing back. Lora cursed as Bal had, "We should have counted on Aleric to come early. From the little information Thad and Xavier had compiled on him, he was the most unpredictable of the three priests. Titus and Leon just follow orders, Aleric has ambitions and he's smart. With the war on it makes sense he would be here early." Bal watched as Lora crushed some nightshade and slowly sprinkled it into the boiling cauldron before stirring gently. "Everything is going fine on my end but I agree with Viridia, we should keep to our rooms until we plan to act." For the next fifteen hours Bal and Viridia entertained themselves by reading and talking amongst themselves quietly, not wanting to disturb Lora from her important work. Finally, at around five at night the next day, Lora stretched her tired muscles, popping

[Page 152]
her back. With a relieved sigh she steps back and turns to them. "I think that's the hardest thing I've done in a while," she says smiling, "but it looks as if it came out perfectly." She takes her spoon and pulls some of it out, then slowly lets it drip back into the cooling cauldron. "See how it's clear now? There's not a hint of the ingredients I had to use in it." "And you are sure they won't be able to taste it?" Viridia asks from where she was reclining on the bed, her back against the wall. Lora shrugs as she tells Bal to bring the cask over. "As sure as I can be. My book hasn't let me down yet. Even ms. Summers has said the book was exceptionally good. That's glowing praise from her." Bal struggled with the stopper on the cask for a moment before it gave a loud pop and came free. Lora then used her wooden spoon to transfer the poison into the cask. The process took awhile, as the spoon was not all that large but finally Lora scraped the bottom of her cauldron. After Bal had finally gotten the stopper back in place, a process by which he had to take off his boot and use it as a hammer, he then sat the cask on the table, which had been cleared of Lora's alchemy supplies. They all stood staring at this one cask of brandy that they are pinning their very lives on. Knowing that there was nothing else they could do to prepare for their meeting with Raizen's priests, they head to bed.

[Page 153]
The next morning they were suprised by a loud knock on the door. Bal scurried off to the servants room, while Lora went to answer the door. Ms. Locklan greeted her and said she had a letter for her lady. Lora thanked her and softly closed the door as Lora checked out the envelope that ms. Locklan had given her. There was nothing written on the front but the letter was sealed with the tempus sygl pressed in wax. Lora Then tosses the envelope to Viridia who was still laying in bed, her legs under the covers. Hearing the door close Bal returns to the bed, laying beside Viridia. "What is it?" Bal asks. Viridia shrugs and turns the envelope over. The sight of the Tempus sygl makes her freeze. Feeling her stiffen, Bal looks at her quickly "What's wrong?" Viridia breaks the seal on the envelope, "Only one person is allowed to use the Tempus sygl in a correspondence. A priest of Raizen." Viridia read the letter quickly with a frown on her face. "They know I am here," she says, "Not as a blood sygl but as someone with Raizen's inheritance gift. They would like to meet me." Viridia eyes the cask still on the table, "It's just as well that I've bought them a gift." Lora looks worried but she admits that it was always a possibility that they would try to arrange a meeting. It would have been odd if they hadn't. The only good thing about it was the fact it gave them an excuse to meet with them. As the priests had wanted to meet with them for lunch, Bal packed all of their

[Page 154]
belongings and carried them downstairs. They would not be returning to the Inn. If everything went as planned they would leave the city right after they left the priests. Bal soon had the horses ready, and waited for Viridia and Lora to mount before settling onto his own black horse. Bal fell behind Lora as Viridia lead the way to the Three Boars Inn. The Doors of the Inn were closed when they arrived, with no sounds of laughter coming from inside the Inn. Once Viridia and Lora had dismounted in front of the Inn, Bal lead the Horses to the stable attached to the side of the building. One of the boys he had noticed when Bal and Viridia was checking out the Inn ran up to Bal, "I can take that sir," he said reaching for the reins. The eager lad lead Viridia's horse to a stall before returning for the others. "We'll only be a short time," Bal warns the boy, passing him some coin. Upon seeing the silver coins his eyes widened, "yes sir!" he practically yelled. Bal laughs, "make sure they are watered and have oats before we depart." seeing that the boy understood, Bal lifts the cask of brandy from where he had strapped in to the back of his saddle and went to join Viridia and Lora inside. Where the Innkeeper at the Winespring Inn had been a cheerful lady, the man behind the bar when he entered the Three Boars Inn had a quiet subdued manner. Seeing his clothes and the cask of brandy that Bal carried, he pointed to

[Page 155]
a corner of the very large common room where three men in Azure blue robes sat around a table. Viridia was sitting in a chair that had obviously been pulled up for her. Lora was sitting by herself at a nearby table sipping water from a small cup. One of the priests noticed him enter and beckoned him over impatiently. "Come now," The priest says, "We've been waiting for you." "Calm yourself Titus. We have all day." Aleric admonishes him. The other priest who Bal guesses is Leon peers closely at the cask as Bal sets it down on the table. "I've never had Ventish wine," he admits, "I'm most curious to try it, and you said the whole cask is for us?" he asks Viridia. Viridia nods and smiles. "Certainly. It's a small token to show you how we appreciate what the priesthood does for us. Even now with this dreadful war going on." Aleric nods, the white scar on his face catching the light. Bal wonders how he got it. Normally priests were not in physical conflicts. "We do appreciate it my lady. Come share a drink with us. Let us celebrate Raizen's glory." Viridia waved her hand, "I couldn't. If we had the cask just for you, surely you would enjoy it more than I as I seldom partak in spirits." Aleric narrows his good eye at Viridia, "I insist." Aleric drains his cup and looks at Bal, "get her a cup." he demands. Bal can see that Viridia is afraid and Lora having heard Aleric had turned white at his words. Lora had told them there was no known antidote

[Page 156]
for the nightstalker poison. Viridia looks at Bal and he can see the determination in her eyes. She was willing to die to kill these priests. She nods at him and Bal slowly turns to go to the Innkeeper and get the cup. Bal was walking slowly, thinking furiously about what he could do. He could always just attack them, and hope for the best. He was sure he could get at least one before they killed him. Yet, that would mean Lora and Viridia would still die. Bal shakes his head, there's got to be something, he thought. Bal told the Innkeeper he needed a small cup for his lady. As he waited for him to get one from the back his eyes wandered over the glass bottles behind the counter, his mind was still going over possibilities that could get them all out of this alive when he noticed one of the bottles had a rune etched on the side. Bal leaned over the bar to get a closer look. "It's a cold rune," the Inn Keep says noticing Bal looking. He sets the cup on the counter, "I bought it from a fellow last week. Keeps any liquid cold," he says proudly, but Bal wasn't listening. Runes. That was it. Bal lowered the cup below the edge of the bar, and using a small blood dagger he hastily carves a purification rune into the underside of the cup. There may be no cure for the night stalker poison but the purification rune turns any liquid into pure water. Bal then hurries back to the table. The priests were still talking among themselves

[Page 157]
but Viridia sat quietly with her hands in her lap. Bal tried to catch her eye, to let her know that it would be okay but he was not able to before the priests dismissed him. Leon, as being the youngest priest, was made to open the cask and pour the brandy. The sound of the popping stopper echoed in the mostly empty common room. Leon stuck his nose in the hole and inhaled deeply, "Now that smells divine." Leon pours Viridia's drink first, then Aleric, Titus, and himself. It seemed like Aleric was still suspicious of Viridia's not wanting to drink the brandy, but after toasting Raizen and everyone emptying their cup his features smoothed, "So," Aleric says motioning for Aleric to refill the priests cups, "You are on your way to Pashar?" Viridia nods. She was thinking about the poison she knew was currently making it's way through her body. She wished she could die fighting but she supposed this was better. Bal and Lora would get away at least. "Yes, I've heard there are some wonderful shops in the capitol, so I plan on doing some shopping." "Yes, there are many good shops there," Aleric agrees, "Our esteemed high priest will want to meet you of course." he smiles, "I assure you that word will reach him after you enter the city. As it did us when we arrived. To find some one with a clear mark of Raizen's favor is rare indeed. I could send a letter along to him, letting him know of your imminent arrival if you wish." Viridia could tell that to refuse would cause Aleric's

[Page 158]
already suspicious mind to grow even more wary, so she agreed. Viridia and the priests talked for about an hour, with the priests getting drunker with every cup of brandy they consumed. Viridia was thankful that Aleric had only forced her to drink the one cup but she was sure that it wouldn't help. The brandy had tasted like water to her, which she thought might have been because the brandy was weak. Yet if that was the case she did not know how the priests were getting as drunk as they were. After their forth cup, Viridia told Aleric she needed to be going and he waved her on, "I'll send the letter tomorrow," he tells her. Viridia thanks him before motioning Lora and Bal to follow her. Once the Inn door was closed behind them Viridia sagged back against it with tears running down her face. Bal caught her before she could fall. "I had to do it," Viridia says shaking, "It was worth it." Viridia trembled in Bal's arms. "Viridia, you're okay," Bal says quickly, "You aren't poisoned." Viridia tried to make sense of what Bal was telling her. "What are you talking about?" Viridia says, her breath trembling, "I drank the brandy." Bal pulls her towards the stables with Lora hurrying behind, "I was able to put a purification rune on the bottom of your cup. I don't guess that's the runes intended purpose but it should have done the job." Viridia thinks back to her runes class and remembers the watery taste of the brandy, "you mean all I drank was water?" she asked astonished. Bal grins thankful to see Viridia calming down. "I'm sorry I couldn't warn you. It was hard

[Page 159]
enough getting the rune on the cup before bringing it to you." Bal helps Viridia and Lora onto their horses before mounting his own. "I was afraid for you," Lora tells Viridia lightly touching Viridia's arm as she rode beside her. "It was a brave thing you did." Viridia smiles her thanks, "Now we've just got to get out of here." Viridia spurred her horse on and people moved out of her way. Bal rode in silence behind her watching her bounce in her saddle. They slowed to a walk as they neared the city gates. Thankfully they were waved through without being stopped. Apparently they were more worried about people coming in than people going out. Once they were out of sight of the castle walls they kicked their horses up to a gallop to put as much distance as they could between them and the soon to be dead priests. It wasn't until well after nightfall that the three of them finally stopped for the night. Bal pulled Viridia and Lora off the road into some trees so that they would be less visible from the road. This would be the last real cover they would have until they reached Amelia's territory. The ground was soft, and fallen leaves blanketed their tracks as they made their way into the trees. Bal told them they could not risk a fire and the others agreed. So they sat there on their bedrolls eating hard bread and dried jerky in silence. The emotional drain that Viridia experienced was clear on her face. After having thought she was going to die, then finding out that she wasn't, that would be enough to mess anyone up. Bal sat there munching on his bread waiting for Viridia to talk, knowing that she would when she was ready. Finally Viridia looked

[Page 160]
up. "Thank you Bal," she says looking straight into his eyes. Bal nods slowly. Viridia takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly, "When Aleric told me he wanted me to drink, I was so scared." Viridia looks down, ashamed to admit how ashamed she was of her fear. Lora stands and walks over to her, and sits on the bedroll beside her. With an encouraging nod to go on, Lora takes her hand. "All the fights we've been in, I knew there was a chance one of us could get seriously hurt. Maybe even killed, but I never expected I would have to drink poison myself to kill an enemy." Viridia's normally static hair had even taken on some of Viridia's mood as it lay still. "Yet still, I knew that we couldn't let them go free. I had to do it. My only consolation was that you and Lora would get away." Viridia squeezes Lora's hand and smiles sadly at her. "I just wanted you to be safe." Lora wraps Viridia in a hug. Viridia, now that the stresses of the day are done breaks down crying, her relief that she was still alive evident in her sobs. Bal sat there breaking tiny twigs as he listened to Lora whisper soothing words into Viridia's ear. At that moment Bal admits to himself he would have happily killed each of the priests with his bare hands for having made Viridia feel this way. Bal clenchs his hands a few times as if he could feel them surround Alerics neck. The only consolation he had was by around six tomorrow night each of those priests would be dead. After that Bal had only to figure out how to go after the High Priest. As he hardly ever

[Page 161]
leaves Pashar, that will be difficult. Viridia soon steps crying and Lora moves so that Viridia can lie down. It was a testament to how that day had affected her that she only gave Bal a tired smile before closing her eyes and falling asleep. Bal and Lora stayed up talking for a bit about that day and what they might have to do next. "You know going after Toma is going to be worse than this," Lora says. She was sitting cross legged on her bedroll now with her hands in her lap, "One of ours almost died and we didn't even get into a fight. Immagine what could happen next time." Bal shakes his head trying to dispel the thoughts of Lora and Viridia dying, "I do immagine it. Enough to consider having Amelia keep you while I go after him on my own." Lora laughed, "And you think Amelia would let you go off on your own? If so you aren't as smart as I thought you were." Bal grumbled good naturedly, "Even so, I don't like it." Lora looks over to where Viridia was snoring softly, "We don't either, but we are in this together. We just have to try and find some way for all of us to make it through this alive." Bal looks at her allowing his emotions to show on his face, "I don't know what to do," he says whispering those words into the stillness of the night. Lora leans forward and cups his cheek with her hand, "We'll figure it out," she says, "together." Bal closes his eyes briefly enjoying the contact, then smiles at Lora and tells her they should get some sleep.

[Page 162]
The next morning when they set out Bal informed them that there was no reason to really rush getting back. It did not look as if there were any one pursuing them, so they could take it easy and walk their horses. Viridia seemed more herself when she woke that morning, laughing and joking with Lora as they broke camp. Now she was telling stories about things that happened in her village to Lora. Bal decided to see if he could get Viridia to talk about what he had overheard in the bookshop. "So how was it growing up in your village?" Bal asks casually, "I bet all the boys were chasing after you." Viridia's face darkened for a moment in some memory then cleared. Bal was afraid he had made a mistake when she answered. "The day I was born It was decided I would marry the village headman's son Bran, who was two at the time. Through out my childhood Bran had always smirked when I told him I didn't like him. He would always say that he would have me eventually. Me getting a sygl was the only thing that saved me from having to marry him." she says. Bal looks thoughtful for a moment, "Are sygls rare in your village?" Viridia nods and reachs into her saddlebag for her water bottle, taking a drink, before answering. "Yeah," she says putting the bottle back, "Not sure why though. Since my village allows anyone with a sygl to leave, it basically gave me a new life." Viridia then laughs, "That fool Bran tried to get his father to make me stay, as if it had been six more months we would have been married, but he wouldn't do it. Bran was not happy."

[Page 163]
Bal smiled at the look on Viridia's face, glad that it seemed she had recovered from her ordeal with the priests. Even her hair was back to popping and crackling with electricity. It was a hot day and Bal pulled a rag from his pocket to wipe his forehead. As he had done all day, he kept looking behind them checking the road. After Lora saw him do this a few times, she asked him if he had heard something. Bal shook his head, "No, It's just for some reason I've got a funny feeling like someone's got a bow pointed at my back." Bal laughs, "It's probably just me being paranoid." Bal then starts telling some jokes he had heard at the orphanage to distract the girls. The feeling would not go away though and seemed to only get stronger as the day progressed. It had gotten so bad that Bal practically had his head on a swivel looking around them as they rode. Lora and Viridia had grown quiet as they felt Bal's uneasiness. They didn't feel what he did, but they trusted him enough to be wary. So it was, when it came time for the night stalker poison to finish it's work, that a loud booming sound echoed from behind them, from the direction of Londra. Their saddles creaked as they all turned to look back from where they had come. The boom had sounded just like a very loud thunderclap. Bal looked up at the sky but it was clear, not a cloud in sight. Viridia looked nervous, "Can you feel it now?" Bal asks her. Viridia nods, Lora looked back and forth between them, clearly confused.

[Page 164]
Viridia shakes her head at Lora's questioning gaze, "I can't explain it, but it feels as if we are in danger." Lora looks at Bal who was still staring behind them with an intense look on his face. "Are we in danger?" Lora asks, and when Bal nods she asks, "can you tell from what?" Before Bal can answer a large thunderbolt strikes between their horses. The horses, not used to this and scared witless, threw their riders and ran off as more thunderbolts struck around them. Viridia shakily got to her feet and tried to pull the lightning to her so she could just absorb it but there were too many. A particularly strong bolt crashed into the ground and caused a large stone to go flying. Before Bal could dodge, as he was already trying to dodge the lightning, the rock hit him in the side of the head and knocked him out. When Bal woke hours later his head was throbbing painfully and he tasted copper in his mouth. He gingerly felt the inside of his mouth and found out he had bitten his tongue when he fell. Bal sat up and tried to call for Lora and Viridia but his voice came out as a croak. Bal looked around for his girls but saw only blacked craters where the lightning had struck the ground. The sharp smell of burnt horse flesh told him that at least one of their horses had been hit. Bal stumbled to his feet and began calling for Lora and Viridia. The last thing Bal remembered was seeing Viridia with her arms stretched to the sky acting like a human lightning rod with

[Page 165]
her hair spread out behind her. Bal continued calling as he made his way around the craters, hoping he could see any tracks to where they might have gone. As time passed with still no sign of Viridia or Lora, Bal grew panicked. There was simply nothing to point the way to his girls, it was like they had vanished. With the sun going down he knew he would have to wait until the morning to continue. Bal went to Lora's horse who had been hit and pulled her bedroll off of the dead horse and walked far enough away where the smell wasn't as strong before laying out the bedroll and laying on top of it. Sleep was a long time coming though as thoughts of what could be happening to Lora and Viridia kept flooding his mind. Finally he fell into a troubled sleep. Bal woke when the first light of the morning sun flashed across his face. Bal put a hand up to block the glare and sat up slowly. Bal looked around him, the realization that Lora and Viridia were both gone hitting him again like a physical blow to the stomach. Bal leaves the bedroll and begins to range out as he did the day before, hoping to find something, anything, showing what happened to his girls. He knew without a doubt they had been taken. He didn't know how, but that was the only thing that made sense. Otherwise he would have found something by now. Bal debated on going back to Londra but dismissed it when he realized if It was the High Priest Toma then the girls would be on their way to Pashar. With no horse and no supplies he knew he would never get there in time to help them.

[Page 166]
With grim determination Bal turns back to the road leading south that would take him to Amelia's territory. Since The Blood army was helping to evacuate some of the blood sygl civilians from the tempus border towns, Bal should be able to get a horse from the army and speed along to the temple. It took Bal two days to reach the Blood army. There was a small party of soldiers waiting as some civilians gathered their belongings they wanted to take. A few had black eyes and split lips, one even had a broken arm. The other villagers stood by cursing the Blood soldiers but they dared not do more as they looked ready to fight. Bal stumbled into town, not caring if the villagers saw his sygl, he knew he would kill them if they tried to stop him. Bal soon saw one soldier he recognized from the temple, a centurion named Jazen Grey. As Bal approached the soldiers Jazen turned and stared in shock, "High Priest," Jazen said quietly as he hurried up to him, "What are you doing here? I thought you were in Londra?" Bal nods tiredly, "I was. Things happened and I need to reach the temple quickly. Do you have a horse to spare?" Jazen can see the weariness and worry etched into Bal's face. "Of course, take mine. If you ride hard you can reach The Temple by noon tomorrow." Jazen looks behind them to where the blood sygl civilians had gathered. One of the other soldiers was leading horses over to them. "We will get there sometime tomorrow night. Please let Commander Fern know we have had
[Page 167]
no trouble once you see him and that we will see him shortly." Bal nods and Jazen signals for one of the soldiers to bring his horse. Jazen's horse was a large warhorse with powerful legs and a quite large head. It's snow white body seemed to shine in the daylight. Jazen pats the horse on it's neck affectionately, "Ol' Barda hasn't let me down yet. He'll get you there safely and quickly." Bal thanks Jazen and turns the horse around. With a final wave Bal kicks Barda into a gallop racing for the temple. Bal rode in all night and into the next day, alternating between a gallop and a slower trot to let Barda rest. It was a little before noon before Bal heard the sounds of Battle. Cresting the hill Bal sees a small party of Tempus soldiers fighting the Blood army. To Bal's eyes it seemed to be another scouting party, like the ones Thad told him about. The battle looked as if it had been going on for awhile, if the number of sprawling dead bodies were any indication. Lightning crackled as two mages in the back continued to throw lightning bolts at the blood soldiers. Bal could see Thad and Xavier in the back of the blood army working furiously to deflect each bolt of lightning with a large whip of blood. Everytime they missed and the bolt hit, men and horses went flying for the sher power of the lightning strike. Bal had come up behind the Tempus party so he could clearly see the two soldiers throwing the lightning with such effeciency. He got off Barda and let him graze as

[Page 168]
Bal made his way to them. Since they were facing the Temple, they had every available man fighting. Bal was still suprised that he did not encounter any sentries as he made his way through the trees. Bal soon emerged from the trees, still crouched and saw he was only a few yards from the raised platform on which the two storm mages stood. Bal was confused as to where the platform had come from but figured there were more important things to worry about. Namely the mages currently trying to kill his troops. Keeping an eye on the soldiers battling it out in front of him, Bal makes a blood dagger in his left hand and a blood whip in his right. Bal jumped on the platform startling the men. The one on the left held his hand out preparing to summon a lightning bolt when Bal jabbed the dagger in the man's right eye. The man screamed clutching his eye, he had pulled back at the last moment so Bal was not able to push the dagger all the way in. Bal kicked him in the chest sending him flying off the platform. Bal then turned to the remaining storm mage. The young man with light blond hair smiled a grim smile at him. He held a whip made of pure electricity that matched Bals. Bal had never seen this so he was wary. "You're too late." the man says, "I've already sent word on to my commander. It won't be long before the whole army arrives." The storm mage flicks his whip forward and Bal can smell burning ozone as it passes his head. Bal

[Page 169]
obeyed to the night and made his whip razor sharp, with heavy spikes. Bal swung the whip forward, meeting the mages, and Back and forth they connected, neither one giving an inch. They circled each other trying to find an opening. The storm mage then used his other hand to shoot a bolt of lightning that Bal barely dodged and the mages whip hit his chest. The impact sent him flying from the platform, much the same way as the mage Bal had kicked. Bal was stunned for a moment, the smell of burnt skin filling his nose. The storm mage laughed from where he stood on the stage, then he jumped down and walked to where Bal still lay on the ground trying to clear his head. He knew he should move but his body wouldn't work. "I think I'll get a promotion after killing you," The storm mage says conversationally, as he lightly swung his lightning whip back and forth. "It's too bad I've got to end it now. I can't chance you getting away." The storm mage raised his whip which seemed to change colors to a blue and orange color. With a flick of his wrist he sent the deadly lightning arcing towards Bal. Bal closed his eyes and silently apologized to his girls for not being able to protect them. Bal laid there waiting for the end. After a moment Bal opened an eye to see how he was still alive. Protruding from the storm mages neck was a feathered arrow that he was scrabbling to get out. He looked at Bal with fear in his eyes, knowing he was about to die. Sure enough a second later a crossbow bolt went

[Page 170]
through the side of the mans head. The now lifeless body fell to the ground. Bal turned his head and looked at the Blood soldiers heading his way. Bal then closed his eyes as he passed out.

When he awoke he found that he was laying in the bed in the High priests bedroom. Beside him Amelia was sitting cross legged looking at him with concern. "Water," he croaked. Amelia was up in a flash pouring a cup of water from the pitcher by the bed. Then she climbed back in bed, and held the cup to his lips so that he could drink. Bal drank gratefully. Laying his head back on the pillow he closes his eyes again. "How long was I out?" Bal asks. "Two days," Amelia replies softly. Two days. Two more days with Lora and Viridia in the hands of people who wanted him dead. "Do you know what happened?" Bal asks, opening his eyes and looking at her. Amelia bites her bottom lip, "I know some," she says, "you've been talking in your sleep." Bal nods and fills her in. Amelia then sits quietly, looking down at their clasped hands. "Do you want me to find them and bring them home?" she asks. Bal knows this was not an Idle question. If Bal told her yes then she would go and get them, violating the non interference rule. He did not want to be the cause of more conflict between her and the other originators. That's what this whole war was about. No. He would have to deal with this on his own. Somehow. "No. I'll figure something out." Bal could see it hurt Amelia for him to say nay, just as she

[Page 171]
knew it hurt him to have to do it. Amelia nodded though accepting his decision. A loud knock on the door startled Bal, and he yelled for who ever it was to come in. The door opened slowly and Xavier popped his head in, a worried look on his face. "What is it Xavier?" Bal says dreading the news that would make him look that worried. "Uhm Lady Amelia, High Priest. I'm afraid we've got news." Bal motions them in. Thad and Xavier did not look as if they slept for the two days he had been passed out. Their robes were dirty and the dark circles under their eyes were pronounced. Thad looked to Xavier, perhaps trying to decide who should give the news. Xavier nodded and Thad sighed. Thad clasped his hands in front of himself. "High Priest Toma's army is now approaching from the north, they shall be here in about two hours." Thad then took a deep breath, "We have also received a messenger from the High priest under a flag of parlay." Thad pulls a rolled parchment from his robes. "The letter was not sealed," he said handing it over. Bal takes the letter fearing he knew what it would say. Opening it slowly Bal begins to read. The High Priest Toma has Lora and Viridia. The High Priest then states that his army will stay on his doorstep until all of them are dead. Unless Bal would agree to a Mages Duel. One on One. In return he will not harm Lora or Viridia. If he chooses to accept his offer then he is to hang a large blue cloth from a pole and wave it once the army arrives. As a post script he adds

[Page 172]
that he can even have his pet originator to teleport him so they could settle this matter quickly. He is to meet Toma in two days time. Bal groans in despair, he knows what he must do but he is not sure if he has the strength. Their message delivered, Thad and Xavier slip out of the room closing the door softly behind them. Bal lays his head back on his pillow, letting the letter fall to his chest. Amelia smooths the hair from his forehead and watchs him, neither of them speaking. "So I have two days," Bal says without opening his eyes, "Two days to figure out how to beat Toma and get Lora and Viridia Back." Bal takes a deep breath, opens his eyes, and sits up. Even with his high pain tolerance the burned skin on his chest made him hiss with pain. Bal swung his legs over the side of the bed and stood shakily. When it looked as if he might fall Amelia jumped up and helped him sit back on the side of the bed. "You can't fight him like this," Amelia says. Bal shrugs, even that move causing some pain. "What can I do?" Bal stood back up, a little steadier this time. "You can use me," Amelia huffs. Bal turns to her in suprise. "Use you?" Bal asks. Amelia rolls her eyes. "You've been researching blood powers, even ones that no one else has known, but there's one that not even you have figured out. To be fair no one else did either but still." Bal sits back on the bed and faces Amelia, "What is it?" Bal asks, very curious now.

[Page 173]
"Drinking Blood will heal you," Amelia says simply, as if it should have been obvious. Which now that she said it, Bal could see it. Amelia was a Vampire, Vampires are able to heal themselves by drinking blood and she was the originator of the Blood sygl, so it made sense in a way. Most people would not drink blood so it also made sense that no one had figured that out. Bal sees a gleam in Amelia's eyes, "And does it do anything besides heal me?" Amelia smiles, glad that he asked the right question. "It also makes your Blood magyk stronger, possibly giving you access to other blood magyk abilities." Bal thinks over what she just said. "What happens if I drink the blood of someone from a different sygl?" Amelia shrugs, "It's too unpredictable to tell. Also, this will only work for you as you are my High Priest," she warns, "Not regular Blood sygls. A regular priest does get the healing though. Bal smiles at her, "Then would you please let me drink some of your Blood?" Bal asks. Amelia nods and smiles back, "Of course Master." Amelia then walks out of the bedroom. A few minutes later she returned with a simple wide chalice, silver at the base and a gold cup, filled to the brim with a dark red liquid that Bal knew was blood. Amelia sits the cup on the table by the bed and kneels before Bal, just as she had done during the familiar bonding. "Drinking this will bind us together even stronger," she says looking up into his eyes. "Do not speak of what you see when you

[Page 174]
drink, at least not now." Bal was not sure what she was talking about, but nodded accepting her instructions. Amelia picks up the chalice with both hands and offers it to him. Bal copies her and accepts the chalice with both hands. Looking at Amelia, he raises the filled vessel to his lips and begins to drink. As the first drop passes his lips, Bal is assaulted with memories. It took him a few minutes to realize that they were Amelia's. Bal watched them, not from Amelia's perspective, but somehow from outside as if he were watching a movie. Bal then understood why she did not want him to speak of these things. They were clearly private and it touched Bal that she would share them with him. As the memories flashed by Bal could begin to see why she had let him see her memories. As he finished drinking the blood, he lowered the cup. Amelia looks at him, "Did you get what you needed?" she asks. Bal sets the chalice back on the table and pulls Amelia into a hug. "Thank you," he whispers in her ear. Amelia lets out a sigh of relief. Bal then releases her and stands up, already healed from Amelia's Blood. Bal looks down at his chest and sees that not even a scar remained from the storm mages whip. Bal grins, time to get his girls back. For the next two days Bal trained almost non stop, Amelia's blood sustaining him so he needed no rest. They fought it out on the roof of her temple limiting her strength as best she could to help him practise.

[Page 175]
Bal had to test some new ideas he had that incorporated things he had seen in Amelia's memories, and the best person he could try them on was Amelia, as Bal knew he wouldn't be able to hurt her. So now, on the second day, Bal was finally ready to face Toma. Bal knew there was still a good chance he would die, yet he also knew he had no choice. At least now he had a fighting chance. Bal checked that the small vials of his blood that he had in a bandolier were secure and nodded to Amelia. Bal had chosen to not wear a shirt, and he had on some simple brown pants with no shoes. Amelia walks over to him, barefoot and in the black dress he loved so much and took his hand. In an instant they were in a grand coliseum, such as the old roman one was. Toma, magnificent in his blue robes with lightning bolts sewn on it, stood before a circle with runes. Inside the circle was Lora and Viridia. Bal stepped towards them but stopped when Toma raised a hand. "They are fine," Toma says, "They have not been harmed." Bal looks to the girls and Lora nods, "They can not hear you and their magyk will not affect anything outside of the circle." Amelia whispers to Bal, "It's a lesser version of what they did to me." Bal clenchs his teeth, angry that his girls are so close but so far. Toma smiles seeing Bals face "Yes, I can see that you care for them. As I cared for my fellow priests, but

[Page 176]
at least yours are still alive. I assure you, If I win I will take great pleasure from taking their lives. Now, As Mage duels go, among high priests, there can be no interference. No familiars may be called. This fight will decide the fate of the war." Bal looks at Toma straight in the eye, "If we are having this fight to determine the outcome of the war, then Killing Lora and Viridia after I am dead will be an act of war. Having no priests to act as an intermediary, Amelia will be free to act as she wishes. Even leaving one priest alive, the surviving priest can ask their originator to intercede on their behalf." Toma looks disgruntled, then nods quickly. Bal figured that he had not expected Bal to know the rules. Bal was thankful Amelia had filled him in during their training, so no matter what, at least they would live, that was good enough for Bal. With the terms agreed, High Priest Toma moves to one side of the arena and Bal moves to the other. With a quick smile, Amelia tells Bal good luck and jumps onto the stands so she can watch.
Bal had never been in a mages duel. The extent of his knowledge, before drinking Amelia's blood, was gained from the various books Bal had read since he had started school. The one thing he had learned though was always make the first move. "Kona Niente," Bal yelled
[Page 177]
flinging a cloud of dirt towards Toma. Using the cloud as cover, Bal pulled two of his blood vials and flung them on opposite sides of Toma. Toma calmly spoke, "Czak," and the cloud of dirt fell to the ground. Toma raised an eyebrow, "Is that it?" he asks, "That's all you've got? Well no matter, it's my turn." With the help of Amelia's blood, Bal could see Toma gathering his magyk. With a loud primal cry that seemed to tear itself from Toma's throat, a large bolt of lightning crashed down between them before Bal could move. The force of the blast flung Bal halfway across the arena. When he could lift his head to see the crackling form of a storm elemental dominated Bal's vision. Pushing himself to his feet, Bal couldn't help but stare in astonishment. This was no mere elemental. Toma clearly enjoyed Bal's expression. "I see you are beginning to understand the gravity of your situation. The rules clearly stated no familiars but as my inheritance gift is calling a life bonded elemental, it is not technically a familiar. Which is enough to satisfy the rules. Now," Toma says smiling evilly, "It's time for Akora to attack." When he finished speaking the being of pure

[Page 178]
electrical energy surged forward. Bal scrambled backwards yelling a quick incantation that pulled a short wall of sand between the elemental and himself, trying to give him time to put some distance between them. The elemental burst through the sand, creating shards of glass that exploded in every direction. Bal felt the hot sting as the sharp glass cut his back and arms. Bal could hear Toma laughing as Bal did his best to dodge the crackling electricity that the elemental kept throwing his way. Flickering whips of electric energy flashed to Bals right, causing him to dodge left to avoid being hit, where he stumbled and crashed to the ground. Before Bal could make it back to his feet, the hulking storm elemental was upon him. Bal looked up in terror, knowing he was about to die. Bal turned to where Lora and Viridia stood with equal looks of fear on their faces. Bal mouthed "I'm sorry." The storm elemental began to swirl around, pulling Bal into it's depths. The force was so strong that Bal had no choice but to submit. Bal used the blood on his back to create blood whips that he then tried to use against the elemental but it was futile. Finally he was encased in the

[Page 179]
maelstrom of the elemental's twisting body, the swirling glass cutting his skin, shredding it to pieces. In the agony of the thousands of cuts he was receiving he sees the Elementals core. With his strength failing, he desperately wraps the elementals core in his blood, forcing every last drop that leaked from his aching body into the magical creature. After what seemed like an eternity later a loud crack echoed across the arena and the elemental shuddered dropping Bals battered body to the ground. Bal was dimly aware of an agonizing scream that sounded from the High priest. The elemental landed softly in front of Bal and he could see swirling blood where there had been electricity. Bal lifted his head slowly and looked up at his adversary, where the storm elemental had stood was now what Bal could only describe as a blood elemental, which shouldn't have been possible as they did not exist. Bal blinked up at the creature, not quite understanding what was going on. Toma's scream finally penetrated Bal's stupor. Bal rolled to his side, trying and failing to stand. After a few more faltering tries Bal finally succeded in stumbling to his feet. Toma was rocking back and forth on the ground holding his head in his

[Page 180]
hands. When Bal reached him, the blood elemental followed close behind. Toma's screams had died down to just crying in whimpering pain. Toma looked up as Bal approached, blood red tears flowing from his eyes. "What have you done to me?" Toma moans. Bal stands before Toma looking down at the old man. What DID he do? Bal looks behind him at the blood elemental and back to Toma's rocking form. Amelia flashed into existence beside Bal followed by Raizen and Aren. Raizen was furious. Shaking with rage he points an accusing finger at Bal. "Do you see?" he demands to Aren, "This is why we locked Amelia away in the first place. Her followers are too dangerous!" Raizen yells. Aren looked down at Toma's cowering form with a troubled look on his face. When Toma removed his hands from his face, Bal could see the sygl on Toma's palm and finally understood why the originators had appeared. On Toma's palm was a blood sygl. Apparently when Bal had converted the storm elemental, he had also converted the High priest as they were life bonded. Bal's mind reeled at the implications of his actions. From the looks on Aren's and Raizen's faces they realized it too. If he could make the first move "Kona Niente," Bal yelled

[Page 181]
convert a High Priest then no one was safe if Bal chose to convert them. Amelia did not look troubled though. On the contrary, she looked like she was enjoying herself, because technically the war was over as Raizen now did not have a High Priest. "Raizen has a point," Aren says after a moment, raising his head and looking at Amelia, "Your last High Priest converting people was the source of our conflict. Now this one seems to have the ability to convert the unwilling. Can you not understand why we would find this troubling?" Amelia looks at Bal for a moment before turning back to Aren. "I can see why that would trouble you, yes, yet you want me to play your games and get upset when things do not go your way. It was not Bal's intention to convert his High Priest. He acted instinctively against Toma's elemental. It was only the fact that he was life bonded that caused Bal to convert not only the elemental but the High Priest as well. You can not penalize my High Priest for protecting himself." Aren thinks for a moment before looking at Bal. "Now that you are aware of your ability, what are your intentions?" he asks Bal. Bal looks over to where Lora and Viridia were still trapped in the circle, both of them pressing

[Page 182]
themselves against the shimmering blue barrier. "I just want to live my life with my girls," he says looking back to Aren. "I will protect them with everything I have. If that is by removing a piece from your armies then I will, but that's not something I'm setting out to do." Aren nods, "So you do not plan on using your new found ability?" Bal shakes his head, "Not if I don't have to. If I am approached about it, I can compromise and get Amelia to inform you before I do it but that's as far as I will go." Aren looks to Amelia who nods. Aren nods back agreeing to the terms. "That's it?" Raizen exclaims, "She just gets away with taking my High Priest?" Aren sighs and turns to Raizen, "Under the terms that were set, she has done nothing wrong. She has not interfered and the war was fought solely with the humans. I declare Amelia the winner." Raizen literally shook with the force of his rage at Aren's announcement. Aren then snaps his fingers and Lora, Viridia, and the former Tempus High Priest disappeared. Bal starts forward but Amelia stops him, "He just sent them back to the school," she whispers, "They are okay." Bal clenchs his fist but nods. Aren frowns, clearly not used to mortals being impertinant in his presunce. "Now

[Page 183]
then," Aren says clearing his throat and turning to Amelia, "As the victor, it is your right to demand anything of the defeated, barring his life. Have you made your decision?" Amelia slowly smiles. "Oh yes," she says. Raizen hears the cruel excitement in Amelia's voice and a frightened look replaces his look of rage, "You are to confine yourself in the same temple I was locked away in. There you will remain for three thousand years with no contact with the outside world. You will serve as a warning to anyone else who desires to come after me or mine." Amelia says the last part staring straight at Aren. They both stare at each other for a moment before Aren nods, "Very well." Aren says snapping his fingers once more, cutting off Raizen's protests. Aren sighs and looks to the sky. "You know the others will not like this," Aren says, "but I assume that's one reason why you did it. I dare say this is not something they will forget. They will think twice about engaging you again at least." Aren then shakes his head, "I've got to get back. Try not to start another war," he tells Bal and then disappears. Bal looks at Amelia and slowly feels the tension leave his body. Her smile radiated happiness and Bal knew then, it was really over. Amelia rushed to him, pulling

[Page 184]
him into a bone crushing hug. The many cuts he had on his body didn't even bother him as he buried his face in her hair, the smell washing over him. After a moment she steps back. "I'm so proud of you!" she says still smiling, "I knew you could do it." Bal smiles back, "At least one of us did. I'm still not sure how I won." Bal turned to the blood elemental, "What I don't understand is this," he says motioning to the elemental. Amelia walks around the mass of swirling blood studying it. "Honestly I don't either. I've never heard of this happening. Plus the fact you broke the bond between it and the High Priest." Amelia shrugs and snaps her fingers making the elemental disappear. At Bal's questioning look Amelia says, "I sent it to my domain, I'll study it when I get a chance." Amelia steps forward and takes his hand, teleporting them back to the Blood sygl common room where Lora and Viridia were waiting for them.
The fire was already blazing when Bal and Amelia appeared in front of the red couch in the common room. Lora and Viridia, who had been sitting down, jumped up and wrapped them both in a big hug the moment

[Page 185]
they appeared. Bal reveled in the feeling of contentment as he clung to the people he cared most about in the world. Bal then stepped back and held them at arms length looking them over. "We're okay," Viridia assures Bal seeing his look. Bal continued looking though as Viridia and Lora explained how they had gotten taken and how they had spent their days in captivity. Bal shook his head marveling at their strength and conviction. They had believed in him, that he would save them, even when he wasn't sure himself. Their belief awed him. After they had exhausted themselves talking about the fight and Amelia's subsequent exile of Raizen, they just sit on the couch side by side staring at the flickering flames in the fireplace. Some time later Viridia speaks, "What do we do now?" she asks. Viridia looks to Bal who sat on her left. "The war is over, Raizen is gone. It just seems a bit surreal. Will they really leave us alone now?" Bal takes Viridia's hand, "Things are going to be different," he acknowledges, "And there's no way to tell to what extent my actions will affect our future. All we can do is live our life the best we can and stand together." Viridia nods and leans into Bal. "Besides," Lora says, "We've still got school and the Dawn faction. It's not like we

[Page 186]
won't have stuff to do." Bal laughs and touchs Lora's shoulder lightly smiling at her, "You've got a point there, It's sure been one hell of a break." With that Bal stands and pulls his girls to their feet, motioning for them to follow him into the bedroom. As they all prepared for bed, Bal stared at those three beautiful women and knew that this truly was the first day of the rest of their life together.

The End

